

On Thu, Nov 16, 2023 at 6:16 AM Willis Glen Miller, III <wgmilleriii@gmail.com> wrote:
Larry,

Your response to this message in a different thread, though timely, did not address my concerns, nor was your response completely accurate. I have read your response and clarify these charges against you:

In regarding the text message I received from you:
Your text message: "Chip, please do not contact any of your former students from our school by phone or email. This is not appropriate and I have received an email from a parent who was not very happy about your call."
My clarification to you: Your text message was rude and unsolicited. I called a parent, at the parent's request for open communication regarding both the transfer of teaching, and matters outside your school. My call to her was an entirely appropriate thing to do.  Your message to me as "not appropriate" is an inappropriate reprimand.  A non-critical and professional text message could have been "Chip, I am concerned about an email from a parent, are you available to discuss this with me?" You should know how to reach out to a colleague in a professional and polite matter, and your text message was neither of those things. Through this text message you did not "maintain a professional attitude," and you did not treat me like a colleague.  

In regard to your refusal to converse with me:
On Friday 11/10 our conversation was:
Chip: "Can I talk with you?"
Larry: "No." 
Your response was immediate, brief, and rude. And then you actually just walked away. I was amazed. I have never encountered such a rude response for a conversation, in hundreds of interactions with professionals in busy environments. There is absolutely no excuse for such a rude response, certainly not an excuse of "not enough time". It takes 5 seconds to look someone in the eye and say, "Can you tell me what this is about? Is it urgent or can it wait until after the conference?" For all of your years in interaction in busy professional environments, you should know how to politely respond in an immediate manner to a request for conversation. Your response was not professional nor did it hold common courtesy.
Fifteen seconds later, you came back and said
Larry: "I am very busy, very much happening, maybe later this afternoon between sessions."
Chip: "Please let me know when."
I then made myself plainly visible, sometimes within feet of you in a relatively quiet and sparsely populated room, and you did not attempt to communicate with me.
The next day you approached me and said something, which I believe was related to clearing the room for the judges. 
Chip: "Can you talk to me now?"
Larry (immediately): "No." Then, as you were walking away, "I have to get the programs typed and ready for tonight, there is no time."
Chip: "Can I help you?"
Larry (immediately): "No." Then, "There is only one computer." And you walked away.
Larry, my offer to help came after your unprofessional treatment of me, and my offer to help was shot down immediately without any consideration of what I could offer to aid you. There are many ways to utilize multiple machines so that multiple users may work on the same document together. I could have been of great help to you, given the large number of errors that your program eventually contained, and the number of times that you apologized to the entire group for a faulty program. I offered myself to you as a "resource to the community", and you responded with something entirely other than "the highest standard of professional conduct." Your errors in the program had a negative effect on the weekend for teachers, children, and parents, and I could have helped you, but you were rude and made yourself inaccessible. Are you encouraging me to be a resource to the community, or are you discouraging me?

As I have reflected and responded to you, I do expect you to now respond to the above. 

Chip





On Wed, Nov 15, 2023 at 3:09 PM Willis Glen Miller, III <wgmilleriii@gmail.com> wrote:
Larry,

In reference to a text message I received from you 11/15/2023, I find you in violation of the MTNA Code of Ethics Commitment to Colleagues.

In reference to your refusal to converse with me on 11/10/2023 and again on 11/11/2023, I find you in violation of the MTNA Code of Ethics Commitment to Society.

I expect your apology and admission of guilt on both of these counts.

Chip

Willis Glen Miller III