Gmail - thank you and requests.pdf.txt



Willis Glen Miller, III <wgmilleriii@gmail.com>
thank you and requests
slkunitz@aol.com <slkunitz@aol.com> To: "Willis Glen Miller, III" <wgmilleriii@gmail.com>
Sat, Apr 19, 2025 at 9:17 AM
Chip,
Since this is your first time at a Board meeting, just listening and processing is a good idea!
RE Jeanne's contributions... she has been a Teacher of the Year and also an MTNA Fellow! She
also receives financial compensation for her position. Amazing how many legal forms and papers
one completes for state and federal non-profits. We would also have to look at Constitution and
Bylaws.
Yes, ZOOM for the meeting is usually set up and I had completely forgotten about that. if you can
arrange that, we will be happy!
Happy Easter!
Sharon
On Friday, April 18, 2025 at 05:04:39 PM MDT, Willis Glen Miller, III <wgmilleriii@gmail.com> wrote:
Hi Sharon, I am writing to thank you for leading our board meeting,
and also to ask for any guidance that you could give me for
expectations or what you'd like my responsibilities to be. Thinking
about our remote colleagues, if I could be useful in setting up remote
numbers for zoom or phone calls, or taking anything else off your
plate please let me know.
I know that we all have the opportunity to present to you a question,
and I want to set a good example. My request is that you would
consider sharing with us one of your favorite memories from PMTNM. I
recognize that you have not only been the President multiple times but
are one of the longest-standing members of the community, and I think
everyone would appreciate hearing your personal recollections. I know
that your focus for us now is membership; I know that stories are
powerful tools, and your stories could be re-told by our members as
they promote PMTNM.
My next request is that you would consider recognizing Jeanne as also
a significant contributor to the community, and, I think, is she not
one of the longest standing member in a single position? (Maybe I am
wrong. Most people have held rotating positions like you, but has she
not steadfastly held the Secretary position while so many positions
have rotated?) I have seen her patiently deal with me this year. But I
am only one of hundreds of people that she has had to deal with for
PMTNM. In preparation for my request to you, I researched how
non-profit organizations could recognize someone similar who has held
a position in an unusual duration, and a title "Principal Secretary"
was suggested as an option for a distinguishment of a single tract.
Another option, a additional title could be granted outside of the
secretary confinement could be "Dean of Service" or "Honorary Dean of
Service". I don't have a perfect suggestion for a recognition, but I
do think that some title recognition is appropriate and that many of
the board members would agree.
Thank you,
Chip