Gmail - PEP issue.pdf.txt


Willis Glen Miller, III <wgmilleriii@gmail.com>
PEP issue
Willis Glen Miller, III <wgmilleriii@gmail.com> To: Janna Warren <jannavwarren@gmail.com>
Sun, Feb 23, 2025 at 7:57 AM
Hi Janna,
You are actually the first person to give direction regarding any content on the website. I really wish that I had a copy of
the handbook. I’ve been a member for a couple of years and I have never seen one despite my requests. I have received
only conflicting information, apart from what you are sending me. I have looked on the old site and I don’t see the forms
that you are mentioning, I’m sorry.
In order to streamline updates, can you please follow this procedure? Copy the text from the website into an email, and
change the text however you want. I will take the entire text copy it once and paste it into the website on top of what
already exists that will save me from going back-and-forth in between a lot of emails And probably missing something
again. Thank you.
On Sat, Feb 22, 2025 at 5:16 PM Janna Warren <jannavwarren@gmail.com> wrote:
Hello Chip,
thank you for your hard work on this website. I understand that it's not easy to do everything correctly.
We can always confirm information about PEP before posting it. PEP is a small but important part of PMTNM activities.
I already provided you with dates of upcoming PEP in 3 districts.
Best way to write correct info to copy it from a Handbook. I'm sure Sharon has an updated copy but I can copy you
what I have:
"The Performance Evaluation Program (PEP) is a PMTNM sponsored non-competitive general audition.
The repertoire, dates and general rules are determined by the PEP Committee."
Also, would you be so kind as to post on a website forms that I mentioned in a previous email in a way that anyone
could find them easily.
Enjoy your weekend,
Janna
On Sat, Feb 22, 2025 at 7:19 AM Willis Glen Miller, III <wgmilleriii@gmail.com> wrote:
P.s.,
Janna thank you so much for your input/help with making sure that this is all accurate for everybody and that there is
no confusion. My Usefulness is only technical, and I am very much reliant upon you guys for accurate content. I will
also explore simpler ways so that you can just update the website without me, If that would be useful.
On Fri, Feb 21, 2025 at 8:54 PM Willis Glen Miller, III <wgmilleriii@gmail.com> wrote:
Whatever content needs to change on the site, please let me know. It’s fine if you just copy and paste text and
change it, however you want. Send an email to me and I will update the site.
On Fri, Feb 21, 2025 at 4:35 PM Janna Warren <jannavwarren@gmail.com> wrote:
Hello Chip and Sharon,
hopefully you are well.
I think we need to clarify PEP page on a new website because some of the information is not correct. Sharon, do
we still have a PMTNM Handbook? I have an old addition and I know it was revised a few years ago. I know
Chip is a new to all of these events and I want to help to clarify it.
Chip, general rules and repertoire are not determine by PEP chair, it was established by handbook and we have
a very clear set of rules for PEP. There were forms with scales and repertoire requirements. I have some forms if
you need it. Also, local chairman decide time and date for PEP. This year PEP in Los Alamos will be on April 4-5,
In Albuquerque on April 12 and in Santa Fe on April 26. Could you please correct dates on a website.
I couldn't find PEP judging evaluation sheet and judge's expense request on a website.
Also, please correct a phrase; entrants must be ....member of PMTNM (not a SFMTA).
Thank you Chip for doing this hard work. I know it's a lot and trying to help.
Have a nice weekend.
Janna,
State PEP chair