# Introduction

PMTN M., INC

PROFESSIONAL MUSIC TEACHERS  
OF NEW MEXICO, INC.  
* Handbook *  
PMT  
NM  
Compiled in 1973  
Revised in 1979  
Ruth Bircher, Editor  
Revised in 1986, 1991, 1993, 1995, 1996, 1997  
Ruth Williamson, NMMTA Executive Secretary-Treasurer  
Revised in 2004  
Cheryl Pachak Brooks - Charlene Cox-Clifton - Ruth Williamson  
Please Note: One copy of the PMTNM HANDBOOK is furnished to each new member of PMTNM. Revisions and additions will be sent to members periodically. Please keep your handbook up to date.  
Replacement or additional copies of the PMTNM HANDBOOK may be had by writing to the current PMTNM Handbook Chairman or the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer. (See PMTNM Roster or Section I of this Handbook for addresses.) Enclose $25 with your request.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Section I PMTNM OFFICERS AND COMMITTEE CHAIRMEN

Section II CODE OF ETHICS  
PMTNM STATEMENTS

Section III CURRENT FEE SCHEDULE

Section IV GENERAL INFORMATION  
A. Affiliation 1  
B. Conferences 1  
C. Districts 1  
D. Dues 1  
E. Forms 2  
F. Publications 2  
G. Scholarship Funds 2  
H. Tax and License 4

Section V CONSTITUTION AND BYLAWS

Section VI DUTIES OF OFFICERS  
A. General Duties for all Chairmen 1  
B. State President 1  
C. State Vice President 2  
D. State Executive Secretary-Treasurer 3  
E. District Vice-Presidents 4  
F. Certification/Continuing Education Chairman 5

Section VII DUTIES OF COMMITTEES AND COMMITTEE CHAIRMEN  
A. General Duties for all Chairmen 1  
B. Advertising Manager 1  
C. Archivist 2  
D. Auditing Committee 2  
E. Budget Committee 2  
F. College Student Chapters Chairman 3  
G. Composition Commissioning Chairman 3  
H. Conference Chairman 3  
I. Continuing Education Board 8  
J. Danfelser Scholarship Chairman 8

K. Group Piano Chairman 8  
L. Handbook Chairman 8  
M. Independent Music Teachers Forum Chairman 9  
N. Joyce Walker Student Foundation Chairman 9  
O. Local Associations Chairman 10  
P. MTNA Junior/Senior Performance Auditions Chairman 10  
Q. Nominating Committee 11  
R. PEP Chairman 11  
S. PMTNM Memorial Outreach Chairman 11  
T. PMTNM Newsletter Editor 12  
U. PMTNM Student Honors Chairman 12  
V. Publicity/Public Relations Chairman 13  
W. STEP Chairman 13  
X. Student Activities Chairman 14  
Y. Student Composition Contest Chairman 15  
Z. Young Artists Auditions Chairman 15

Section VIII CERTIFICATION

Section IX CONTINUING EDUCATION

Section X COLLEGE STUDENT ACTIVITIES  
A. PMTNM College Honors Program  
B. PMTNM College Student Chapters 1  
C. Young Artist (MTNA Collegiate) Auditions 2  
D. Young Artist Chamber Music Competition 3  
E. Young Artist Composition Contest 3

Section XI STUDENT ACTIVITIES  
A. State Student Activities Day 2  
B. MTNA Junior/Senior Performance Auditions 2  
C. MTNA Student Composition Contest 3  
D. PMTNM Performance Evaluation Program (PEP) 4  
E. PMTNM Scale and Theory Evaluation Program (STEP) (currently not at the state level)  
F. PMTNM Student Honors Program 8

# Section XII MTNA - PMTNM COMPOSITION COMMISSIONING PROGRAM

Section XII MTNA - PMTNM COMPOSITION COMMISSIONING PROGRAM

Section XIII PMTNM ADVERTISING AND EXHIBITS POLICIES

Section XIV PMTNM FORMS  
A. HONORS  
B. PEP

Section XV PMTNM MUSIC TEACHER OF THE YEAR AWARD

Section XVI PUBLICITY/PUBLIC RELATIONS GUIDE

APPENDIX  
Advertising Rate Schedule  
Piano Music Guide for PEP and Honors  
PEP Scale Suggestions  
Vocal Music Repertoire Guide for PEP

# SECTION I

SECTION I

# Section I - Current PMTNM Officers and Committee Chairmen

Section I - Current PMTNM Officers and Committee Chairmen

OFFICERS - 2003-2004

President  
1189 Fourth Street  
Los Alamos, NM 87544  
CharleneMK@aol.com

Vice President/Membership Chair  
3243 El Camino Real  
Las Cruces, NM 88005  
ILF@zianet.com

Executive Secretary-Treasurer  
1226 Morningside NE  
Albuquerque, NM 87110  
figaro1226@aol.com

Past President  
PO Box 297  
Portales, NM 88130  
Cheryl.Pachak-Brooks@enmu.edu

Certification/Continuing Education Chairman

District Vice Presidents:

Central  
4608 Allegheny Ct. NW  
Albuquerque, NM 87108  
heartmus@aol.com

Northeast I  
49 la Paloma  
Los Alamos, NM 87544  
lynnlamb@hotmail.com

Northeast II  
2117 Fairfield  
Clovis, NM 88101  
robertsmusic@3lefties.com

Northwest  
800 Apache  
Farmington, NM 87401  
kevilsizer@yahoo.com

Southeast  
PO Box 2702  
Hobbs, NM 88240  
Walton22@earthlink.com

Southwest  
Box 1608  
Silver City, NM 88062  
pabrown@zianet

- 1 -  
Charlene Cox-Clifton, NCTM  
662-5824

Lela York  
522-6264

Jeanne Grealish, NCTM  
265-9333

Cheryl Pachak-Brooks, NCTM  
356-5284

Dianne Brehmer-Bailey  
890-4466

Lynn Lamb, NCTM  
672-1213

Ferrell Roberts, NCTM  
763-5307

Katherine Evilsizer  
334-6265

Michelle Walton  
392-3339

Patricia A. Brown  
388-4056

# Section I - Current PMTNM Officers and Committee Chairmen

Section I - Current PMTNM Officers and Committee Chairmen

MTNA Competitions  
General Chair Charlene Cox-Clifton NCTM 662-5824  
1189 4th Street  
Los Alamos, NM 87544  
CharleneMK@aol.com

MTNA Collegiate Artist/Chamber Music  
Performance  
1712 Notre Dame NE Falko Steinbach 266-5638  
Albuquerque, NM 87106  
falkos@unm.edu

MTNA Junior/Senior Performance Auditions  
3546 Sequoia Pl. NW Astrid Groth 836-5542  
Albuquerque, NM 87120  
avgroth@aol.com

MTNA Student Composition Competition  
26 Tigua Dr. Jayne Latiolias 281-3537  
Sandia Park, NM 87047  
jltiqua@concentric.net

Committee Chairmen 2002 - 2003  
Advertising Manager  
2126 Calle de Sebastian Ronald F. Grinage NCTM 988-9143  
Santa Fe, NM 87505  
ronaldgrinage@hotmail.com

Archives  
1013 Calle Largo Lee Egbert NCTM 984-2640  
Santa Fe, NM 87501  
twegbert@compuserve.com

College Auditions  
1712 Notre Dame NE Falko Steinbach 266-5638  
Albuquerque, NM 87106  
falkos@unm.edu

College Faculty/Student Chapters  
PO Box 296 Cheryl Pachak-Brooks, NCTM 356-5284  
Portales, NM 88130  
cheryl.pachak-brooks@enmu.edu

Composer Commissioning  
26 Tigua Dr. Jayne Latiolais NCTM 299-6038  
Sandia Park, NM 87047  
jltiqua@concentric.net

Danfelser Scholarship  
1012 Yei Avenue Heather Nasi NCTM 863-5039  
Gallup, NM 87301  
nasi@cnetco.com

Group Piano  
800 Apache Katherine Evilsizer 334-6265  
Aztec, NM 87410  
kleviliszer@yahoo.com

Handbook  
1189 Fourth Street Charlene Cox-Clifton NCTM 662-5824  
Los Alamos, NM 87544  
CharleneMK@aol.com

Independent Music Teachers Forum (IMTF)  
75 Tesuque Sarah G. Kelly 662-4516  
Los Alamos, NM 87544

Joyce Walker Student Foundation  
2616 N Northeast Dr. Joyce Walker 392-6877  
Hobbs, NM 88240

Local Associations  
75 Tesuque Sarah Kelly 662-4516  
Los Alamos, NM 87544

Memorial Outreach/Advocacy  
800 Apache Katherine Evilsizer 334-6265  
Aztec, NM 87410  
kleviliszer@yahoo.com

MTNA Foundation  
3243 El Camino Real Lela York 522-6264  
Las Cruces, NM 88005  
ILF@zianet.com

NEWSLETTER Editor/Public Relations  
2126 Calle de Sebastian Ronald F. Grinage NCTM 988-9143  
Santa Fe, NM 87505  
ronaldgrinage@hotmail.com

PEP (General Auditions) Sharon Kunitz NCTM 821-4901  
8309 Cherry Hills Dr. NE  
Albuquerque, NM 87111  
SLKunitz@aol.com

Student Activities  
Student Composition Jayne Latiolais NCTM 299-6038  
26 Tigua Dr.  
Sandia Park, NM 87047  
jltiqua@concentric.net

Student Honors  
1309 San Pablo St. NE Maribeth Gunning 356-8415  
Albuquerque, NM 87110-7241  
maribethgm@msn.com

Web Contact  
Maestro Music, Inc. Jim Kunitz  
2403 San Mateo NE Ste. P-1 Office: 881-9181  
Albuquerque, NM 87110 Home: 821-4901  
jim@maestroscope.com

# SECTION II

SECTION II

# Section II - Code of Ethics

Section II - Code of Ethics

MTNA Code of Ethics

We, the members of Music Teachers National Association, having dedicated ourselves to advancement of musical knowledge and education, recommend the following principles of ethical practice as standards of professional conduct.

Responsibilities to Our Students

• The relationship between teacher and student shall be established, maintained and terminated in a professional manner. The teacher shall respect the personal integrity and privacy of students at all times.  
• Members are responsible for encouraging, guiding and developing the musical potential of each student.  
• Members shall encourage students to participate in community music activities.

Responsibilities to Our Colleagues

• Members shall maintain a professional attitude and shall act with integrity in regard to colleagues in their profession.  
• Members shall participate as fully as possible in activities of Music Teachers National Association.  
• Members shall provide professional assistance to one another when such assistance is requested.  
• Members shall respect the rights of colleagues when speaking of other teachers’ work and/or students and shall avoid conflict with the instruction of a student’s regular teacher when serving as an interim instructor.

Responsibilities to Our Public

• Members shall maintain the highest standard of moral conduct, professional conduct and personal integrity.  
• Members shall exhibit the highest standard of expertise by maintaining their professional abilities in their fields of teaching and performing.  
• Members shall maintain and increase the prestige of the art of teaching and shall promote the teaching of music as a culturally enriching profession.  
• When asked, members shall assist those seeking guidance in selecting an independent teacher by suggesting the names of two or more teachers in the community. The final choice shall be made by the parent and the student.  
• Members shall refrain from making exaggerated claims or misleading statements concerning their teaching qualifications. Advertising copy shall be dignified, strictly truthful and representative of the art of music and its responsibility to the community.

MTNA OCTOBER/NOVEMBER 2001

The PMTNM Ethics Committee will follow the MTNA Code of Ethics and guidelines. The PMTNM committee is comprised of the President, and Certification Chairman and, if deemed advisable, a member or members appointed by the President at his/her discretion. The purpose of the Ethics Committee shall be to investigate complaints submitted concerning violation of the MTNA Code of Ethics.

# Section II - PMTNM Statements

Section II - PMTNM Statements

Belief Statement

We believe…  
…in our responsibility to provide opportunities for student and teacher enrichment through high standards of musicianship.  
…in fostering a higher level of musical awareness for our students, teachers, and community.  
…in commitment to growth and excellence.

Vision Statement

Enhance life through commitment to quality teaching.

Mission Statement

The mission of PMTNM is to further the art of music through activities and programs that encourage and support music teaching, performance, appreciation and composition for students, teachers and communities.

Written by the Professional Music Teachers of New Mexico  
November 9, 2001  
Strategic Planning Session  
Michael Vallejo, Leader

# SECTION III

SECTION III

# Section III - Current Fee Schedule

Section III - Current Fee Schedule

CERTIFICATION/CONTINUING EDUCATION  
(See Section IX for further PMTNM Continuing Education details and Section VIII for Certification information.)

A. State (PMTNM) Continuing Education Fees: There is no charge for participation in the PMTNM State Continuing Education program.  
B. National (MTNA) Certification Fees: All Checks for MTNA Certification should be made payable to MTNA and sent to the national office along with required forms and materials. Keep a copy of all forms for your personal records. Applications take from six weeks to two months to process.

COLLEGE AUDITIONS

A. See Section X for information on the MTNA Collegiate Artist Performance Competition and MTNA Collegiate Chamber Music Performance Competition.  
B. Checks are made payable to MTNA and sent to MTNA, as found in the April/May issue of the American Music Teacher magazine or online at www.mtna.org  
C. Current Fees: Collegiate & Chamber Music are set by MTNA.  
D. The State Collegiate Competition overall winners receive cash awards from the Joyce Walker Student Foundation as follows: First Place $600 Second Place $200  
E. Teacher dues must be postmarked by September 1 of the current year.

HANDBOOK

A. One copy is sent at no charge to each new PMTNM member and to each new PMTNM college student member.  
B. Additional or replacement copies can be purchased from the Handbook Chairman for $25.00  
C. Revisions and additions are sent to members periodically. Teachers are asked to please keep their handbooks up to date.

JUNIOR-SENIOR PERFORMANCE AUDITIONS (see Section XI)

A. Checks are made payable to MTNA and sent to MTNA, as found in the April/May issue of the American Music Teacher or online at www.mtna.org.  
B. Both Junior and Senior Performance Auditions are held at the State level. (District Auditions have been discontinued.)  
C. The Junior/Senior Performance audition fees are set by MTNA.  
D. A $25 fee is required to be paid by each teacher entering one or more students in the MTNA Junior/Senior Performance Auditions regardless of the number of students he/she enters. The fee is made payable to PMTNM and sent to the state Auditions chairman to help pay judges' fees and travel.  
E. Payment to the Junior/Senior Performance judges shall be $20 per hour plus travel with a minimum judging fee of $30.00  
F. Cash awards of $100 will be presented by the Joyce Walker Student Foundation to first place winners.

1

# Section III - Current Fee Schedule

Section III - Current Fee Schedule

MAILING ADDRESS LABELS  
A. Labels containing the addresses of current PMTNM members can be purchased from the PMTNM Advertising Manager. See Section I of this Handbook for address.  
B. Cost of 1 set of mailing address labels is $30.00 with payment to be sent with request. Make check payable to PMTNM.

MTNA-PMTNM COMPOSITION COMMISSIONING  
(See Section XII for program details.)  
A. The Music Teachers National Association will pay one-half of the commission, up to a set amount.  
B. The minimum amount of the commission is left to the discretion of the PMTNM.  
C. The Commissioned Composer’s fee is currently $1000. Of this amount PMTNM pays $500 and MTNA pays $500.

MTNA/PMTNM MEMBERSHIP DUES  
A. All membership dues, both state and national are processed through the MTNA national office. Checks are to be made payable to MTNA.  
B. New member dues (total of state and national dues) are to be sent to MTNA along with Member Application Forms. Application Forms may be found in the AMT. All members pay local dues directly to the local association.  
C. New members may join on line at with a major credit card.  
D. Dues for renewal members (total of state and national dues) are to be sent to MTNA along with the Dues Renewal Form.  
E. Senior Member Dues: Members 70 years of age or older with membership in good standing continuously over the past five years qualify for the senior dues reduction. However, those members who received a 50% reduction in MTNA dues during the 2000-2001 year and prior are grandfathered in under a 50% reduction.  
F. Half price dues (both state and national) are offered to College Student Members the first year following graduation. A student member may email or call National Headquarters to apply for this discount.  
G. One time half price dues (both state and national) are offered to new members who join the Association between Jan. 1 and June 30.  
H. MTNA does not have either associate or dual (member/spouse) memberships. In addition to the membership categories listed above, MTNA offers Retired, International, Institutional, Corporate, and Patron membership. Contact MTNA or the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer for information.

PERFORMANCE EVALUATION PROGRAM: PEP  
A. Checks are made payable to PMTNM. They are collected by the local PEP Chairman and sent to the State PEP Chairman.  
B. Each entrant pays a fee of $12.00, regardless of performance level. (There are no entry fees for ensemble members or accompanists who perform with a PEP participant but are not themselves receiving a PEP rating.)  
C. PEP judges submit a required form to the State PEP Chairman for receipt of judging fees. Current judging fees are as follows:  
1. Hours of judging - $20/hr. with a $30 minimum

# Section III - Current Fee Schedule

Section III - Current Fee Schedule

2. Travel - .25/mile  • 37½ per mile  
3. Motel - Actual cost at a moderately priced motel

SCALE AND THEORY EVALUATION PROGRAM: STEP

A. The STEP auditions are currently only at the local level..  
B. A set of STEP Sample Tests (1 of ea. level) may be purchased from the local chairman.  
C. A set of STEP Guidelines and Study Sheets may be purchased from the local chairman.

STUDENT ACTIVITIES DAY REGISTRATION FEE

A. The Student Activities Day Registration Fee entitles the student and his/her family to attend all State Conference workshops. This fee is included on the PMTNM Conference Student Registration Form which is sent by the teacher to the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer prior to the conference.  
B. Current Student Day Fees:  
1. Student Activities Day Registration - $5.00  
2. Students who are competing in the State Honors Audition have paid their $5.00 with their state honor's fee.  
3. All Teachers who have a student auditioning or participating in any event at the Conference will be required to register for the State Conference and pay the teacher registration fee.  
C. Any teacher with a student entered in any Conference Competition or student activity will be required to help. In lieu of helping he/she may either pay a $50 fee to hire a helper, or may send another adult as his/her delegated replacement with approval of the State Chair.

STUDENT COMPOSITION CONTEST (See Section XI)

A. Checks are made payable to MTNA and sent to MTNA, as found in the April/May issue of the American Music Teacher magazine or online at  
B. Cash Awards (depending upon sponsor) may be presented to the first, second and third place winners at each level.  
C. The fee schedule for the composition judge is: $15.00 per score.

STUDENT HONORS (See Section VII & XI)

A. Checks are made payable to PMTNM and sent to the Student Honors Chairman.  
B. District Auditions: Each District sets the entry fee to cover the costs of the audition. The fee must include $7.00 for each entrant in Levels I-V and $9.00 for each college entrant, which is sent by the District to the Student Honors Chairman. (It is suggested that state fees be collected from first place winners at the close of the District Audition.)  
C. The following guidelines are recommended for District Honors Judging Fees:  
1. Hours of Judging - $20/hr. with a $30 minimum  
2. Travel - .25/mile  
3. Motel - Actual cost at a moderately priced motel.

3

# Section III - Current Fee Schedule

Section III - Current Fee Schedule

D. State Auditions: All entrants, except college entrants, pay the Student Day Registration Fee of $5 plus the State Honors Fees as follows:

| Student Ages on Sept. 1 | Fee: |  
|---|---|   
| Level I | 8 and 9 | $10.00 |  
| Level II | 10 and 11 | $10.00 |  
| Level III | 12 and 13 | $12.00 |  
| Level IV | 14 and 15 | $13.00 |  
| Level V | 16 and 17 or high school senior on September 1 | $13.00 |  
| College | Students who will be high school graduates, but have not reached their 27th birthday by the time of the State Conference. The contestant need not be currently enrolled in a college or university. | $14.00 |

E. First place State Honors winners in Levels I through V receive cash awards from the Joyce Walker Student Foundation in the amount of $25.00.  
F. State College Honors winners receive cash awards from the Joyce Walker Student Foundation as follows:  
First Place: Piano, Instrumental and Vocal - $100  
Second Place: Piano, Instrumental and Vocal - $50

4

# SECTION IV

SECTION IV

# Section IV - General Information

Section IV - General Information

**AFFILIATION**  
- The Professional Music Teachers of New Mexico (PMTNM) was formed in 1950 as New Mexico Music Teachers Association. The name of the organization was changed to the Professional Music Teachers of New Mexico, Inc. (PMTNM) in 1998. PMTNM is affiliated with Music Teachers National Association (MTNA), and is a member of the MTNA Southwest Division along with Arizona, California, Hawaii, Nevada and Utah.  
- The address for the Music Teachers National Association is: MTNA, 441 Vine Street, Suite #505, Cincinnati, Ohio 45202-2814. Phone: (513) 421-1420. Website: www.mtna.org

**CONFERENCES**  
- STATE: The PMTNM State Conference is held in the fall (usually November) on a three-day weekend (Friday morning to Sunday). Activities of the Convention include: Student Honors Auditions, Junior-Senior Auditions, College Auditions (if not held prior to the conference), Ensemble Program, Student Winners Recital, Business Meetings, Concerts and Workshops.  
- DIVISIONAL: Divisional Conferences for teachers, formerly held in conjunction with the Southwest Division JR/SR Performance and Young Artist Auditions, have been discontinued.  
- NATIONAL: The MTNA National Conference is held in late March or early April.

**DISTRICTS**  
- The State is divided into six districts. Each is represented by a District Vice-President.

| Northwest | Northeast I |  |  
|---|---|---|   
| Farmington | Raton | Clayton |  
| Aztec |  |  |  
| Cuba | Los Alamos | Las Vegas |  
|  | Santa Fe |  |  
| Central |  |  |  
| Gallup | Grants | Tucumcari |  
|  | Albuquerque |  |  
|  | Socorro | Santa Rosa |  
|  |  | Ft. Sumner |  
|  | Northeast II | Clovis |  
|  | Carrizozo | Portales |  
|  | Tor C | |  
| Southwest | Southeast | |  
| Lordsburg | Roswell | Tatum |  
|  | Alamogordo | Lovington |  
|  | Artesia | Hobbs |  
|  | Carlsbad |  |  
| Deming | Las Cruces |  |

**DUES**  
- Individual dues collected by MTNA include state and national dues. Local dues are paid through the local association. Senior memberships are available to members 70 years of age. Other membership categories are Student and Honorary Life. Honorary Life members do not pay state dues, but must pay MTNA dues to receive the publications and benefits of national membership. Part of the national dues pays for the *American Music Teacher* magazine which is sent to each member. The notice for dues is sent from national during the spring. One check for the total state and national dues should be made payable to MTNA and sent to the MTNA office. The membership year begins July 1 and ends June 30.

-1-

# Section IV - General Information

Section IV - General Information

State and national dues are prorated (half price) for new members who join between Jan. 1 and June 30. Unpaid memberships become delinquent June 30. See www.mtna.org or the American Music Teacher for dues information.

FORMS  
* Application forms for PMTNM and MTNA membership are available from the PMTNM Continuing Education Chairman, the Vice-President, the Executive Secretary-Treasurer, or on-line at www.mtna.org. These forms are returned to MTNA national headquarters after they have been properly filled out. Forms for applying for National Certification or renewal of National Certification are available from MTNA. These may also be obtained by going to www.mtna.org. Contact the various chairmen for forms related to the programs they direct. (See Section I of this Handbook.)

PUBLICATIONS  
* NEWSLETTER: The PMTNM NEWSLETTER is printed three times a year. Publication dates are: January 15, May 15, and September 15. Material for the newsletter is to be in the hands of the Editor one month prior to the publication date.  
* The PMTNM NEWSLETTER contains the President's message, reports from the District Vice-Presidents, reports, materials, and/or information, as necessary, from other officers and committee chairmen.  
* There should be a concerted effort by all officers and committee chairmen to avoid the cost of independent mailings of materials and information to members and to include all of this in the PMTNM NEWSLETTER. Therefore, all members are urged to read each issue carefully and to file it away for future reference.  
* MAGAZINE: The American Music Teacher is the official journal of the MTNA and is sent to all members. It is issued six times a year.  
* ROSTER: A roster of all PMTNM members is published each year. It is compiled by the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer in cooperation with the Continuing Education Chairman and the Newsletter Editor. It should be sent to members with the January issue of the PMTNM NEWSLETTER.

SCHOLARSHIP FUNDS  
1. BYRDIS W. DANFELSER PIANO SCHOLARSHIP  
* This fund was established in memory of Mrs. Danfelser who founded PMTNM in 1950. She was the first president, a Life Member, and did much to promote music teaching as a profession in New Mexico.  
* The fund principal is to be held on deposit with the interest available each year for scholarship purposes. Contributions to the fund are tax deductible and should be sent to the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer.  
* The Scholarships are available for piano students--grade school through high school--to have lessons from members of PMTNM. Scholarship awards will be presented to students of PMTNM members at the annual state conference in November. The scholarship check is sent to the recipient's teacher in January.  
* A committee of three will evaluate the applications and decide on the awards to be granted each year. The committee will be comprised of three members -- the current Danfelser Piano Scholarship chairperson, the immediate Past President, and a member appointed by the Incumbent President.  
* Application blanks are available from the current Danfelser Piano Scholarship chairperson and included with the spring Newsletter mailing. (See Section I of this Handbook) Completed applications should be sent to the Danfelser chairperson in September. The date is to coincide with the competition enrollment deadline.

# Section IV - General Information

Section IV - General Information

2. PAUL MUENCH PIANO SCHOLARSHIP:

• The Eastern New Mexico University has established this scholarship in recognition of Paul Muench’s service to both PMTNM and to the colleges in the state of New Mexico. This tuition scholarship, in the amount of $200, will be made available to a music major at ENMU who is a resident of New Mexico.  
• Students who are interested in being considered for this scholarship should submit a letter of application, supported by a letter of recommendation from their music teacher, to: Piano Department Coordinator, School of Music, ENMU, Portales, New Mexico 88130 by March 1. The student should have applied for admission to ENMU, and should plan to come to campus for an audition. The ENMU music faculty will select the recipient, and reserves the right to make no award if applicants do not meet the performance level expected of music majors at ENMU. Any unused funds will be available for additional scholarships in a subsequent year.  
• Any person wishing to contribute to this scholarship fund may send a check made out to ENMU and designated for the Muench Scholarship to the School of Music, ENMU, Portales, New Mexico 88130. Contributions are tax-deductible.

3. JOYCE WALKER STUDENT FOUNDATION

• Byron and Velma Gwyn established this foundation in 1980 in honor of their daughter, Joyce Gwyn Walker, and her commitment through the years to the education of piano students and her love and devotion to the student programs of Professional Music Teachers of New Mexico.  
• The funds are to be used for higher education for students who have won through the PMTNM competitions. This may include winners in high school and college categories and which is to be administered by the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer and the President, with Joyce Walker serving as the chairman. It will be the responsibility of PMTNM to promote this foundation, to administer the funds, and to organize programs involving the students.  
• This foundation is open to anyone who wishes to encourage students by giving monies. Donations to the Foundation are tax-deductible, and it is recognized as a charitable corporation.  
• Only the accrued interest is to be used for student awards. A statement is to be given by the committee at the annual business meeting of PMTNM. Chairmen of auditions in which there are eligible student winners are to give winners’ names and addresses to the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer immediately following the competitions. Following the state conference the Executive Secretary-Treasurer sends reports of winners and financial transactions to Joyce Walker.  
• Current Joyce Walker Student Foundation cash awards for state competitions are as follows:

|                 |             |           |        |  
|-----------------|-------------|-----------|--------|  
| Junior Auditions | Piano       | First place | $100.00 |  
| Senior Auditions | All categories | First place | $100.00 |  
| Student Honors  | Categories I through V | First place | $25.00  |  
| College Honors  | Piano, instrumental, vocal | First place  | $100.00 |  
|                 | Piano, instrumental, vocal | Second place | $50.00  |  
| College Auditions | (over all categories) | First place  | $600.00 |  
|                 | (over all categories) | Second place | $200.00 |

# Section IV - General Information

Section IV - General Information

4. PMTNM MEMORIAL OUTREACH FUND  
This fund was established by the PMTNM Executive Board on April 30, 1989. Tax deductible donations may be made in memory of a friend or loved one or to honor a person or special occasion. Memorial contributions should be sent to the current PMTNM Memorial Outreach Fund Chairman. (See Committee Chairmen, Section 1) Checks should be made payable to PMTNM with the notation, "Memorial Fund". Donors receive acknowledgment of their gifts. An address should be supplied by the donor, as a card with the name of the donor (amount not specified) is also sent to the family of the person remembered. Proceeds from the fund will be used for music outreach programs. These may include school-related projects, projects within our organization, community outreach, and recognition.

5. PMTNM STUDENT TRAVEL FUND  
A Student Travel Fund has been established to provide grants to student winners for assistance with travel expenses to Southwest Division and National Auditions. Tax-deductible donations to the fund may be made payable to PMTNM with the notation "Student Travel" and sent to the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer.

TAX AND LICENSE  
* PMTNM  
* The Professional Music Teachers of New Mexico is exempt from Federal Income Tax under section 501 (c) (3) of the Internal Revenue Code. This exemption was granted July 1981 and remains in full force and effect. Contributions to the Association are deductible in the manner and to the extent provided by section 170 of the Code.  
* STATE  
* The State of New Mexico, by statute, requires that all people providing services in the state shall be registered with the State Bureau of Revenue. Reports covering one month or six month periods must be submitted on forms provided by the state, together with a check for the gross receipts tax based on services rendered. The tax can be assessed to the client as part of the tuition charge. Particulars regarding these matters may be obtained from the State Bureau of Revenue.  
* LOCAL  
* Some municipalities (including Albuquerque) require an Occupation License. The amount of this tax is determined by the amount of the gross annual income. The Treasurer of the municipality can give more information regarding this matter.  
* FEDERAL  
* In regard to Federal Income Taxes, it is recommended that each teacher contact the local IRS office or a competent accountant to determine all possible responsibilities and deductions under the law.

-4-

# SECTION V

SECTION V

# Section V - Constitution and Bylaws

Section V - Constitution and Bylaws

PROFESSIONAL MUSIC TEACHERS OF NEW MEXICO CONSTITUTION  
As Revised 1996

ARTICLE I - NAME

• The Professional Music Teachers of New Mexico is a not-for-profit organization affiliated with the Music Teachers National Association. All members must belong to MTNA and all members of an affiliated local association must be members of PMTNM and MTNA.

ARTICLE II - PURPOSE

• The purposes of this Association shall be:  
A. to promote the music teaching profession and its image in society through teacher certification, professional public promotion, and teacher education and training,  
B. to promote students and their talents through the student activities, student auditions, local projects, and school credit and release time,  
C. to promote music in American culture through programs, school credit, scholarships, and composer commissions, and  
D. To exert all possible efforts towards the enrollment of increased numbers of people of all ages in the study of music.

ARTICLE III - MEMBERSHIP

• Section 1. Membership shall consist of Active, Life, Patron, and Student.  
• Section 2. Membership privileges and dues are prescribed by the Bylaws of the Association.  
• Section 3. Membership in the Association may be terminated by the members or revoked by the Association as prescribed in the Bylaws.

ARTICLE IV - AFFILIATED LOCAL ASSOCIATIONS

• Section 1. Any city, town, or district music teachers association may become and remain affiliated with PMTNM by fulfilling the requirements of membership as stated in the Constitution and Bylaws.  
• Section 2. The Executive Committee may suspend or terminate any affiliated Association at any time for justifiable cause, as outlined in the Bylaws, subject to ratification of this action by the PMTNM Board.

ARTICLE V - OFFICERS/EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE

• Section 1. The officers shall consist of a President, State Vice-President, Executive Secretary-Treasurer, Six District Vice-Presidents, and the Chairman of the Board of Certification.  
• Section 2. All officers shall be elected annually, and may be eligible for re-election, except the Executive Secretary-Treasurer who shall be appointed by the Executive Committee (those officers listed under Section 1) for a two-year term, and may be eligible for reappointment.  
• Section 3. The Executive Committee shall determine policies of the Association in consultation with the PMTNM Board and within the limits of the Constitution and Bylaws. It shall actively pursue the purposes of the Association and shall have discretion in the disbursement of all funds of the Association. It may adopt such rules and regulations for the conduct of Association business as shall be deemed advisable and may, in the execution of the powers granted, appoint such agents as it may consider necessary.  
• Section 4. In order to transact business a quorum consisting of one-third of the Executive Committee (as listed in Section 1) must be present. Telephone polling may be used if  
-1-

# Section V - Constitution and Bylaws  

Section V - Constitution and Bylaws  
necessary. The President or Executive Secretary-Treasurer may initiate telephone polling and the Secretary will record opinions/votes.

ARTICLE VI - EXECUTIVE BOARD  
* Section 1. The Executive Board shall consist of the President as Chairman, the Immediate Past President, State Vice President, Executive Secretary-Treasurer, Six District Vice Presidents, Chairman of the Board of Certification, together with the various student division chairmen, and any State resident members of MTNA Division or National Boards. The Editor of the PMTNM Newsletter shall be a member of the Board.  
* Section 2. The Board may make recommendations to the Executive Committee regarding policy and membership concerns.  
* Section 3. The Board shall have the power to rescind by a two-thirds vote any decision of the Executive Committee.  
* Section 4. One-third of the members of the Board shall constitute a quorum.

ARTICLE VII - MEETINGS  
* Section 1. The Association shall hold an annual conference at a time and place to be determined by the Executive Board. At this meeting the President shall permit the general membership to bring forward items for consideration. Notice of the Conference shall appear in the Newsletter prior to the Conference.  
* Section 2. A majority of the members entitled to vote and who are in attendance shall constitute a quorum for the election of officers and for the transaction of business at any annual or special membership meeting.  
* Section 3. Special meetings of the Executive Committee may be called by the President or upon the request of not less than one-third of the Executive Committee, or upon a signed petition from one-third of the Active members of the Association.  
* Section 4. The PMTNM Board shall meet twice each year, or as many times as necessary to fully conduct the business of the Association. Prior to such meetings the Executive Committee will prepare various items to be presented before the PMTNM Board. Special meetings of the PMTNM Board may be called by the President or upon the request of not less than one-third of the members of the PMTNM Board or upon a signed petition from one-third of the Active members of the Association.  
* Section 5. The rules contained in the current edition of Robert's Rules of Order shall govern the Association in all cases to which they are applicable, and in which they are not inconsistent with the Constitution and Bylaws of the Association or any special rules of order the Association may adopt.  
* Section 6. The President may appoint a parliamentarian to provide opinion during various meetings.

ARTICLE VIII - AMENDMENTS  
* The Association meeting in conference shall have the power to make amendments to this constitution as necessary, provided the amendment shall have been submitted in writing to the body at least 30 days prior to the vote. A two-thirds vote of Conference attendees must approve any amendment. Upon recommendation of the Executive Committee and Board this Constitution may be amended by mail, using the same procedures.

ARTICLE IX - PUBLICATION OF CONSTITUTION AND BYLAWS  
* The Constitution and Bylaws shall be printed and included in each member handbook. Revisions or amendments will be distributed to members as they occur.

# Section V - Constitution and Bylaws

Section V - Constitution and Bylaws

BYLAWS

ARTICLE I - MEMBERSHIP

* Section 1. Active membership shall consist of:  
 A. Active private teachers holding a professional, professional master's or professional doctoral certificate.  
 B. Active private teachers holding a provisional or associate certificate.  
 C. Active college teachers.  
* Section 2. Active members shall be entitled to participate in all Association activities, to vote, hold office, and receive publications, upon acceptance of application and payment of dues.  
* Section 3. Life membership, as an honorary award, shall be extended to members of the profession who have contributed years of service as participating members. Life members shall not be required to pay state dues. Life membership shall be conferred by the Association in conference. Life members shall enjoy all privileges of the Association including the right to vote and hold office.  
* Section 4. Patron members shall be those desirous of holding membership in the organization, but who are not actively engaged as teachers. Patron members may attend all meetings and conferences but may neither vote nor hold office.  
* Section 5. Student members may attend all meetings and conferences but may neither vote nor hold office. They shall consist of:  
 A. Students of elementary, junior high or senior high age who are studying with active members of PMTNM.  
 B. Members of College Student Chapters sponsored by an active PMTNM member. However, college students participating in the competitive categories must be studying with an active member of PMTNM.  
* Section 6. All members agree to abide by the Code of Ethics of the Association.

ARTICLE II - REVOCATION OF MEMBERSHIP

* No person who has been convicted of a crime involving the sexual or other abuse of a person shall be a member of PMTNM. Any accusation that a member of PMTNM has been convicted of a crime involving sexual or other abuse of a person shall be reported to the President of PMTNM, who shall immediately report the accusation to the President of MTNA, who shall appoint a three-person committee to ascertain the validity of a conviction. If the committee substantiates that a person has been convicted of a crime involving sexual or other abuse of a person, the President of MTNA shall immediately terminate the membership and the certification of that person. Any action authorized by the MTNA President in this resolution may be appealed to the Board of Directors of MTNA. Any membership terminated under this section shall be reinstated upon the filing with the MTNA President of a certified copy of the judgment reversing the conviction.

ARTICLE III - MEMBERSHIP YEAR AND FISCAL YEAR

* The fiscal year and the membership year for all membership categories except that of student shall commence on July 1 and end on June 30, as required by the MTNA Bylaws. The student membership year shall be October 1 to September 30.

# Section V - Constitution and Bylaws

Section V - Constitution and Bylaws

ARTICLE IV - DUES

* Section 1. Annual dues for all members are due on the first day of the membership year, as established by MTNA, after which date members are not in good standing nor entitled to any of the privileges of membership until dues are paid for the current membership year. The amount of PMTNM membership dues shall be determined by a majority vote at one of the business meetings of the annual state conference, if a change is necessary.  
* Section 2. State Dues are prorated (half price) for new members who join the Association between Jan. 1 and June 30.

ARTICLE V - ELECTION OF OFFICERS

* Section 1. There shall be a nominating committee consisting of three members-at-large appointed by the President. This committee shall prepare a roster of candidates at least 15 days prior to the opening date of the annual conference, and it shall be presented to the Executive Secretary-Treasurer. The report of the nominating committee together with any other nominations made from the floor shall be submitted at the Conference business meeting for vote by the membership. The newly elected officers shall be installed at the Conference business meeting. Outgoing officers have 60 days after the election to bring any files, records, etc. pertaining to his or her office up to date before turning over such data to his or her successor.  
* Section 2. Officers shall be elected by majority vote, in a secret ballot, of members attending the Conference meeting. In the event of only one nominee for an office, the President may recommend election by general consent.  
* Section 3. Vacancies. Except for the office of President which is automatically filled by the Vice-President, a vacancy may be filled by a written ballot circulated to the membership by means of the Newsletter with a name (or names) submitted by the current nominating committee. Ballots should be returned to the chairman of the nominating committee by a specified date. If time does not permit this procedure before summer vacations, the President may appoint an officer pro tem to assume the duties of the office until the next regular conference. Should the elected be unable to assume the Presidency, the President shall be elected, for that term only, in the same manner as that of the other officers.  
* Section 4. No officer may hold a national, division, or state office concurrently, except the Immediate Past President.

ARTICLE VI - DUTIES OF OFFICERS

* Section 1. The President shall be the principal elective officer and presides at meetings of the Association, calls and presides at meetings of the Executive Board, and appoints all standing and special committees as needed, and performs all other duties implied by his title, including the appointment of a Conference Chairperson as soon as possible after the selection of a conference site, and a budget committee to prepare a budget for the following year.  
* Section 2. The Vice President assumes all the duties of the President in the absence of that officer. The Vice President shall act as the coordinating officer to the six District Vice Presidents in promotion of membership. The current Vice President shall work as an understudy to succeed the President, and help prepare a budget for the following year.  
* Section 3. The Executive Secretary-Treasurer shall preside in the absence of the President and Vice President and shall be the custodian of all funds of the organization, shall keep an accurate record of members for the Roster, is responsible for the payment of all bills authorized by the Executive Board, for keeping an itemized account of all receipts and disbursements, and for the preparation of an annual report to the Conference. An annual audit is made by an auditing committee. Additionally, the  
-4-

**Section V - Constitution and Bylaws**  Executive Secretary-Treasurer shall be responsible for preparing the annual report to the IRS, keeping minutes of all business meetings of the Association and meetings of the Executive Committee and Board, and such other duties as are assigned by the Executive Board. * Section 4. The six District Vice Presidents shall act as members of a statewide membership committee and otherwise assist in the conduct of their respective district organizations. * Section 5. The Certification Board shall consist of three members, the Chairman who is elected, and two members each to be appointed for a term of two years. Only one member shall be appointed annually, thus staggering the terms of membership on the Board. In case of a vacancy on the Board, the Executive Board shall appoint a new member to hold office until the next conference, at which time more than one member may be appointed if necessary. * Section 6. A Handbook, going into greater detail as to the duties of each officer shall be prepared. It shall be the duty of each officer to maintain the book up to date and to pass it on to his/her successor.

**ARTICLE VII - AFFILIATED LOCAL ASSOCIATIONS** * Section 1. Any city, town or district music teachers association may petition to the Executive Committee for affiliation in PMTNM by providing evidence that the following requirements have been fulfilled: A. That two copies of the Local Association governing documents (e.g. Constitution, Bylaws, and Articles of Incorporation) have been filed with the Secretary and that they are consistent with those of PMTNM. B. That its fiscal and membership year coincide with that of PMTNM. * Section 2. Upon determining that a petitioning local music teachers association has fulfilled the requirements of Section 1 of this Article, PMTNM shall approve the petition. * Section 3. In referring to its affiliation, each Local Association shall use the phrase "Affiliated with the PMTNM." This specified phrase shall be included in the constitutions of all affiliated Local Associations. * Section 4. If a local music teachers association has affiliated with PMTNM as a Local Association, all members of that Local Association must be members of both PMTNM and MTNA. * Section 5. Annual renewal of a Local Association shall be made without reconsideration by PMTNM provided: A. That the affiliate has not formally notified PMTNM that it wishes to discontinue affiliation. B. That all changes in the Constitution and Bylaws of the affiliated Local Association have been filed with PMTNM, that they are consistent with the Constitution and Bylaws of PMTNM, and have been approved by PMTNM. C. That all provisions of Sections 1 and 4 of this Article continue to be fulfilled.

**ARTICLE VIII - COMMITTEES** * Section 1. The Executive Board may authorize the appointment by the President of such standing and special committees as represent the well-defined and continuing interest of the Association's membership in all fields. * Section 2. Chairmen of such committees are appointed for terms of one year. Personnel of a standing committee may be changed upon recommendation of the chairman. Termination of a chairmanship may be effected by the President. * Section 3. Standing committees are composed of not more than ten members. * Section 4. The Executive Board is responsible for continuing or changing the status of all standing committees.

# Section V - Constitution and Bylaws

Section V - Constitution and Bylaws

ARTICLE IX - ARCHIVIST

* Section 1. The President appoints an Archivist, with the approval of the Executive Board, to serve until a successor is named. The Archivist is an ex-officio member of the Executive Board.  
* Section 2. Duties of the Archivist are to collect and keep in secure place all items of historical interest to the Association, including programs, pertinent newspaper and magazine articles, photographs and correspondence.

ARTICLE X - NON-PROFIT STATUS

* Section 1. The Association is organized exclusively for charitable and educational purposes, including the making of distributions to organizations that qualify as exempt organizations under section 501 (c) (3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1954 (or the corresponding provision of any future United States Internal Revenue Law).  
* Section 2. No part of the net earnings of the Association shall inure to the benefit of, or be distributable to, its members, officers, or other private persons, except that the Association shall be authorized and empowered to pay reasonable compensation for services rendered and to make payments and distributions in furtherance of the purposes set forth in Section 1 hereof. No substantial part of the activities of the Association shall be the carrying on of propaganda, or otherwise attempting to influence legislation, and the Association shall not participate in, or intervene in (including the publishing or distribution of statements) any political campaign on behalf of any candidate for public office. Notwithstanding any other provision of the articles, the Association shall not carry on any other activities not permitted to be carried on (a) by an organization exempt from Federal income tax under section 501 (c) (3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1954 (or the corresponding provision of any future United States Internal Revenue Law) or (b) by an organization to which contributions are deductible under section 170 (c) (2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1954 (or the corresponding provision of any future United States Internal Revenue Law).  
* Section 3. Upon the dissolution of the Association, the Executive Board shall, after paying or making provision for the payment of all of the liabilities of the Association, dispose of all of the assets of the Association by donation to The MTNA Foundation, or to another organization or organizations organized and operated exclusively for charitable and educational purposes as shall at the time qualify as an exempt organization or organizations under section 501 (c) (3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1954 (or the corresponding provision of any future United States Internal Revenue Law) as the Executive Board shall determine. Any such assets not so disposed of shall be disposed of by the Court of Common Pleas of the county in which the current President of the Association resides, exclusively for such purposes or to such organization or organizations, as said Court shall determine, which are organized and operated exclusively for such purposes.  
* Section 4. The Association is a non-profit organization.  
* Section 5. The recipients of scholarships cannot be related to the members of the selection committee.

ARTICLE XI - AMENDMENTS

* Section 1. The Association meeting at the Conference shall have the power to make amendments to these Bylaws as necessity may require, provided the amendment shall have been submitted in writing to the body at least 30 days prior to the vote.  
* Section 2. A two-thirds vote of Conference attendees must approve any amendment.  
* Section 3. Upon recommendation of the Executive Committee and Board, these Bylaws may be amended by mail, using the same procedures.

# SECTION VI

SECTION VI

# Section VI - Duties of Officers

Section VI - Duties of Officers

This section is designed to give each officer a broader idea of the responsibilities of his or her office. The knowledge and experience of current and former officers have been employed to assist the new officer in preparing for his/her office so that there is continuity and a smooth transition.

GENERAL DUTIES FOR ALL OFFICERS

A. The following are general duties required of all officers:  
1. Keeps the membership informed of pertinent information in your area of responsibility by reports, as necessary, in the *PMTNM NEWSLETTER*. These should be in the hands of the Newsletter Editor at least one month prior to the publication date (See Newsletter publications deadlines). All copies should be typed and preferably emailed to the Newsletter Editor. Also, any forms or other materials which need to be sent to the entire membership should be included in the *PMTNM NEWSLETTER* mailings.  
2. Keeps a complete record of monies received (if any), and all bills and expenses connected with your office. Turns in money, bills and expense record to the Executive Secretary-Treasurer monthly. Expense forms are available from the state Executive Secretary-Treasurer.  
3. Attends the Executive Board meetings and sends requested reports to the Executive Secretary-Treasurer one month prior to the spring and fall Board Meetings and sends reports by email if possible.  
4. Keeps a handbook of duties for your office up to date with any material included which would be of help to your successor.

DUTIES OF THE STATE PRESIDENT

A. Appoints the committee chairmen and committee members.  
1. Upon accepting the nomination, the presidential candidate should begin to determine committee chairmen and appointive officers for the coming year, so that these can be contacted and announced at the State Conference, following his/her election.  
2. Appointive officers and chairmen are: Advertising Manager, Archivist, College Auditions Chairman, College Student Chapters Chairman, Composer Commissioning Chairman, Danfelser Scholarship Chairman, Group Piano Chairman, Handbook Chairman, Independent Music Teachers Forum Chairman, Junior-Senior Auditions Chairman, Local Associations Chairman, *PMTNM* Newsletter Editor, *PMTNM* Memorial Scholarship Fund Chairman, PEP (General Auditions) Chairman, Publicity/Public Relations Chairman, STEP (Scale and Theory Evaluation Program) Chairman, Student Activities Chairman, Student Composition Chairman, Student Honors Chairman, Convention Chairman, Auditing Committee Chairman, and other chairmen as needed as new programs are developed or previous programs reinstated. (It is suggested that the Budget Committee be made up of the Executive Secretary-Treasurer, the State President (or a replacement), and a third member appointed by the President).  
3. A Parliamentarian and a committee for commissioning projects are appointed at the option of the President and the Executive Board for each year.  
4. Standing committees should be appointed as soon as possible to maintain smooth continuing efforts.  
5. Although the nominating committee is required to prepare a slate of nominated officers and present it to the Executive Secretary-Treasurer 15 days prior to the opening date of the annual State Conference, the President should appoint this committee approximately 3 months before the State Conference in order for the nominating committee to have time to function. The nominating committee should ask each  
-1-

# Section VI - Duties of Officers

Section VI - Duties of Officers

candidate if he/she will accept the nomination, after informing each candidate of his/her job and what it entails (using the Handbook).  
6. Checks dates of the Southwest Division Auditions and notifies the Collegiate Auditions Chairman and MTNA Junior/Senior Performance Auditions Chairman.

B. Schedules a Spring & Conference meeting where:  
1. Minutes of the previous Board and Business Meetings should be analyzed and formal plans presented for implementation of the actions passed.  
2. New programs and ideas from the President should be announced and discussed.  
3. The Conference Chairman presents possible clinicians for the conference along with a proposed schedule of events. (Spring Board Meeting)  
4. The Budget Committee presents a proposed budget for the new fiscal year for approval by the Executive Board at the Conference Board meeting. It is then recommended for passage at the Conference Business Meeting by the general membership.  
5. Discussions are held on any concerns of the membership who have sent agenda items to the President at least 3 weeks prior to this meeting.

C. Keeps a close liaison with all officers to ensure that their respective offices continue to function. He/she should acquaint the Vice President and the Executive Secretary-Treasurer with business and plans throughout the year, allocating some of the duties to the Vice President.

D. Works with the Vice President and Conference Chairman in the formal planning of the annual conference, keeping in mind PMTNM’s annual needs together with some flexibility and room for innovation to meet local desires and originality.

E. Makes an effort to respond to information desired from the national offices, and should acquaint the Vice President with the pertinent facts needed to prepare the annual report for MTNA.

F. Prepares a message for each newsletter by the publication deadlines. It is here that the President can expose new and challenging ideas to the membership.

G. Works with the Executive Secretary-Treasurer to see that the official PMTNM stationary is distributed to all officers and committee chairs.

H. Sends names and addresses of new officers and chairmanships to the national office immediately and keeps MTNA informed of any new officer or chairman throughout the year.

I. Writes the official notes of appreciation. (In some instances the President may delegate this responsibility to another officer or chairman.)

J. Submits to the Executive Board, at the meeting prior to the State Conference, possible dates and sites for the following year’s conference.

K. Additional duties are listed under the General Duties for All Officers, Section VI.

DUTIES OF THE STATE VICE PRESIDENT

A. Assists the President, and conducts meetings in the absence of the President.  
B. Acts as Chairman of the Membership Committee and assists the District Vice Presidents in promoting growth in membership.  
C. Attends all Executive Board Meetings.  
D. Works with the Executive Secretary-Treasurer to get information out to prospective members and sees that a letter of welcome is sent to each new member.  
E. Serves as State Chairman for the MTNA Foundation.  
F. Assists the President and Executive Secretary-Treasurer in preparation and/or approval of the budget.  
G. Works with the Executive Secretary-Treasurer to see that a plaque of appreciation is ordered and presented to the outgoing President.  
H. Additional duties are listed under the General Duties for All Officers, Section VI.

# Section VI - Duties of Officers

Section VI - Duties of Officers

DUTIES OF THE STATE EXECUTIVE SECRETARY-TREASURER

A. Attends and records minutes of all Board meetings.  
B. Sends a copy of the minutes of each meeting to the State President for corrections and approval. After making corrections, if required, types the minutes, makes copies and mails to each Executive Board member and any other special committee member as designated by the President.  
C. Records the business sessions of the PMTNM State Conference. Should be prepared to read the minutes if requested.  
D. Sends the minutes of the Conference to the President for corrections and approval. After making the corrections, if required, sends a typed copy of the minutes of the Conference to the Editor of the *PMTNM NEWSLETTER* for the January edition.  
E. Files the minutes of the Conference and Board meetings, along with financial reports, for future reference.  
F. Keeps up-to-date, itemized and accurate financial transactions in a computerized accounting program. Pays by check all authorized expenditures and keeps the checkbook balanced. Maintains and provides reports on special PMTNM funds.  
G. Presents financial reports at the Executive Board Meetings (copies to be retained by each member of the Executive Board). Obtains approval of the board for expenditures not provided for in the budget. Notifies officers and chairmen when their expenditures near the limits imposed by the budget.  
H. Works with MTNA national office to track memberships (renewal and new). Shares all new or changed membership information with the *NEWLETTER* editor, Webmaster, President, Vice President (membership chair), and appropriate District Vice President. Renewal dues are delinquent as of June 30 and delinquent members forfeit all rights to membership.  
I. Files non-profit organization, 501 (c) (3), federal income tax forms.  
J. Sends a reminder letter or post card of reminder to members who have not paid renewal dues by the November conference date.  
K. Prepares PMTNM Roster and has it reproduced. The Roster should come out with the January *PMTNM NEWSLETTER*.  
L. Checks with the Continuing Education Chairman to obtain the PMTNM Continuing Education status of members before final preparation of the Roster.  
M. Keeps the PMTNM Newsletter Editor, Webmaster, the Handbook Chairman, the appropriate District Vice President, and the State Vice President up to date on the membership list, including College Student Chapter members. Notifies these five immediately when a new membership is processed. Either the State Vice President or the Executive Secretary-Treasurer sends a letter of welcome to each new member.  
N. Handles financial matters for the State Conference--registration fees, banquet tickets, etc. Pre-registration forms should be included in the September *PMTNM NEWSLETTER*.  
O. Has the financial records, CPA's reports, check book, receipts, and vouchers available prior to the conference for inspection by the Auditing Committee. The records should be open to any member at all times.  
P. Presents a financial report at the State Conference.  
Q. Serves on the Budget Committee annually. Requests budget income and expense estimates from officers and committee chairmen and works with the Budget Committee to formulate the fiscal year budget. Presents the budget to the Executive Board for approval at the Conference Board Meeting.  
R. The Treasurer's records will be audited by an accountant, as directed by the Executive Board, before being turned over to a successor.

# Section VI - Duties of Officers

Section VI - Duties of Officers

S. Formulates the agenda in consultation with the State President for the Executive Board Meetings and Conference Business Meeting. Sends copies of agendas to board members prior to meeting times.  
T. Administers the PMTNM Student Travel Fund awards for state winners to the MTNA Jr. /Sr. and Young Artist divisional and national auditions as stipulated by the Student Travel Fund guidelines set by the Executive Board.  
U. Performs any other duty assigned by the President or the Executive Board.  
V. It is essential that the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer have had secretarial and bookkeeping experience or agree to take such courses prior to accepting the job. Owning a home computer equipped with accounting software is required.  
W. Additional duties are listed under the General Duties for All Officers, Section VI.

DUTIES OF THE DISTRICT VICE PRESIDENTS

A. Implements and encourages all of the state programs.  
B. Promotes growth in membership within the district by:  
1. Having knowledge of PMTNM and all of its programs and advantages.  
2. Having membership application forms and MTNA new member dues forms available. These are obtained from MTNA or the Executive Secretary-Treasurer.  
C. Attends the Executive Board meetings and sends requested reports to the Executive Secretary-Treasurer.  
D. Conducts the District's Student Honors Auditions by:  
1. Selecting the time and place for the Auditions.  
2. Selecting the judges. (If a fee is to be paid the judges, this should be agreed upon in advance.)  
3. Informing the district members of the Auditions.  
4. Setting a fee for entrants, which must include, established Honors fees as listed in the Current Fee Schedule (See Chapter III), plus any local fees.  
5. Sending the required fees to the Student Honors Chairman by the deadline of October 8.  
6. Checking the Audition's rules to see that complete and correct information about the winners is sent to the Student Honors Chairman by the deadline listed in the fall PMTNM NEWSLETTER.  
7. Sends a report of District news for each edition of the PMTNM NEWSLETTER.  
E. Assists the Certification Chairman in administering the Continuing Education examination to members.  
F. Provides information to members who wish to report study or workshops to the Certification/Continuing Education Chairman for Continuing Education credit. Additional information may be obtained from the Certification/Continuing Education Chairman.  
G. Sends newspaper articles, pictures, and other items of interest from your district concerning PMTNM to the Archivist.  
H. Assists the State Publicity/Public Relations Chairman by serving as the District Publicity Chairman. (See Publicity/Public Relations Guide, Section XVI)  
I. Additional duties are listed under the General Duties for All Officers, Section VI.

# Section VI - Duties of Officers

Section VI - Duties of Officers

DUTIES OF THE CERTIFICATION/CONTINUING EDUCATION CHAIRMAN  
Currently, State MTNA Certification Chair and PMTNM Continuing Education Chair function as a combined position, but could be two separate positions, if volunteers were available.

State MTNA Certification Chairman  
A. PMTNM Certification requirements have been discontinued.  
B. Forms, applications and renewals for MTNA Certification are handled through the national office.  
C. State Certification Chairman encourages members to apply for national certification, writes articles for the state newsletter and holds workshops or meetings to encourage participation in the MTNA Certification program.  
D. Chairman attends state board meetings, state conference and national conference (or appoints a delegate) to attend MTNA Certification programs and meetings.  
E. Sends requested reports to the Executive Secretary-Treasurer.  
F. Additional duties are listed under the General Duties for All Officers, at the beginning of Section VI.

PMTNM Continuing Education Chairman  
A. Chairman keeps records of earned points in the PMTNM Continuing Education program.  
B. Chairman does an annual mailing to all members participating in the program. Chairman also invites members who are not participating in the program to sign up.  
C. Chairman informs PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer of the PMTNM Continuing Education status of members for the state roster.  
D. Chairman attends state board meetings and state conference and makes reports to the newsletter editor. Sends all requested reports to the Executive Secretary-Treasurer.  
E. Additional duties are listed under the General Duties for All Officers, Section VI.

- 5 -

# SECTION VII

SECTION VII

VII - Duties of Committees and Committee Chairmen

♦ GENERAL DUTIES FOR ALL CHAIRMEN  
The following are general duties required of all committee chairmen:

A. Keeps the membership informed of pertinent information in your area of responsibility by reports, as necessary in the PMTNM NEWSLETTER. These should be in the hands of the Newsletter Editor at least one month prior to the publication date (see publications, Section IV). All copy should be typed and emailed to PMTNM Newsletter Editor. Also, any forms or other materials which need to be sent to the entire membership should be included in the PMTNM NEWSLETTER mailings.  
B. Keeps a complete record of monies received (if any), and all bills and expenses connected with your office. Turns in money, bills and expense record to the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer monthly. Expense forms are available from the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer.  
C. Attends Executive Board meetings and sends report (preferably by email) to the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer one month prior to the spring and Fall Board meetings.  
D. Keeps a handbook of duties for your chairmanship up to date with any material included which would be of help to your successor.

♦ DUTIES OF THE ADVERTISING MANAGER  
(See Advertising and Exhibits Policies, in Section XIII)

A. Solicits advertising and exhibits. A form letter, rate sheet and contracts are prepared and sent to 75-100 prospects on July 15 each year. Prospects are selected from previous lists and other professional journals. Current advertisers and exhibitors are sent a personal letter. Determines from conference chairpersons whether or not "showcases" will be offered.  
B. Sees that contracts are appropriately signed; acknowledges receipt of orders.  
C. Submits billings, acknowledges receipt of payment, forwards money to Executive Secretary-Treasurer; submits billings before November 1 to those who sent partial payment.  
D. Works with Newsletter Editor to see that all ads are included; works with conference chairpersons regarding ads in conference program and exhibit space.  
E. Makes sure that newsletter advertisers receive all copies during their contract period; sends Conference Program to advertisers as needed; sends "thank you" letter to exhibitors.  
F. Prepares "Exhibitor" name tag or other identification system for exhibitors to be admitted to certain conference activities. (May request assistance form the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer)  
G. Reviews guidelines set forth by the Federal Government for advertising in publications of non-profit corporations and sees that they are met.  
H. Attends Executive Board Meetings and sends typed report to the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer.  
I. Additional duties are listed under the General Duties for all Chairmen (see section above.)

VII - Duties of Committees and Committee Chairmen

DUTIES OF THE ARCHIVIST

A. Compiles and presents an annual yearbook and table display reflecting the activities and records of PMTNM, its member and music students.  
1. The yearbook will begin with conference coverage from the previous year and carry through up to the current conference (roughly Nov.-Oct.).  
2. The yearbook shall consist of pictures, articles, programs, forms, newsletters, etc. mounted and preserved using archive-safe paper, glue, and plastic sleeves in a 3-ring notebook.  
3. The current yearbook and previous year's yearbook shall be presented at conference in conjunction with a table display in the designated display room. The table display will feature a four-panel professional display board (owned by PMTNM and kept by the archivist). Table cloths and extra props are helpful in establishing a theme for visual display.  
4. The current Teacher of the Year will be featured on one of the panels. The PMTNM lettering should be boldly displayed on another panel. It is up to the creative endeavor of the archivist to present the table display in an artistic, professional manner.  
B. Dismantles the display board after convention and ensures that the yearbooks are in safe keeping. Files all extra leftover articles, etc. by year.  
C. Submits all receipts for material purchased, along with an official cost worksheet and reimbursement form, to the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer.  
D. May attend Executive Board meetings as an ex-officio member.

DUTIES OF THE AUDITING COMMITTEE

A. Makes a complete audit of the books prior to (if possible) or during the State Conference. All figures in the ledgers, journals, check book, receipts, and vouchers should be checked.  
B. Makes a report at the State Conference Business Meeting.

DUTIES OF THE BUDGET COMMITTEE

A. Meets before the Spring Board Meeting each year to prepare a budget for the coming year and presents it to the Executive Board for approval. It should be based on expenditures necessary for the effective operation of the organization including the following expenses:  
1. MTNA and Southwest Division Affiliation  
2. State Conference  
3. Student Activities  
4. Publications and Records  
5. Administration  
6. Other Miscellaneous Expenses  
B. Examines the previous year's budget and compares it with the treasurer's financial statement for the year, at which time recommendation for necessary increases or decreases in various areas may be made along with additions made necessary by new projects. Projected income from dues and any other source such as State Conference receipts and student related programs should be estimated and a balance between income and expenditures achieved.

VII - Duties of Committees and Committee Chairmen

DUTIES OF THE COLLEGE STUDENT CHAPTERS CHAIRMAN  
(See Section X for program details)

A. Contacts members in college and university cities and encourages them to organize a College Student Chapter.  
B. Sees that each PMTNM College Student Chapter has a PMTNM member as sponsor.  
C. Membership dues (by each individual member) are to be sent directly to MTNA National office or the student may enroll online at www.mtna.org.  
D. Keeps the Southwest Division Student Chapters Chairman informed on accomplishments and suggestions.  
E. Attends Executive Board Meetings and sends requested reports to the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer.  
F. Additional duties are listed under the General Duties for All Chairmen, Section VI.

DUTIES OF THE COMPOSITION COMMISSIONING CHAIRMAN  
(See Section XII for program details.)

A. Works with committee in selecting a composer to compose an original work in the medium of his/her choice for PMTNM. This composer's work should be a credit to the stature of the state organization.  
B. The Chairman, the Committee or the State President contacts the composer and explains the commissioning program of MTNA and cites involvement of other notable composers. This should be done two years in advance of the conference at which the performance is to be premiered.  
C. Upon receipt of the composer's acceptance, the committee proceeds with item "B" on the requirements for MTNA-PMTNM Composition Commissioning Program, to be found in Section XII.  
D. The composition should be submitted to the PMTNM state chairman two months before the conference.  
E. Works with the Conference Chairman in making arrangements for a time and place for a public performance of the Composition at the State Conference. (The composer arranges for a person or persons to perform the composition during the State Conference.)  
F. Gets bio, photo and program from commissioned composer and sends these to the Conference Chair for the PMTNM NEWSLETTER and printed concert programs.  
G. Attends Executive Board Meetings and sends requested report to PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer.  
H. Additional duties are listed under the General Duties for All Chairmen, Section VII

DUTIES OF CONFERENCE CHAIRMEN: PMTNM

STATE PRESIDENT  
A. Initiates teacher of year award at Spring Board meeting.  
B. Writes greetings for conference program and newsletter.  
C. Appoints the Student Ensemble Recital Chairperson and any other special project chairs.  
D. Invites guests for head table at Teacher Banquet  
1. Selects person to give invocation.  
2. Chairman of Music Dept. of College Facility if used.  
3. National Representative if being done.

VII - Duties of Committees and Committee Chairmen

4. Arranges for housing, meals, etc.  
5. Escorts from plane, and at convention  
6. Calls Executive Secretary-Treasurer to arrange for tickets for all guests.  
7. Presides at banquet.  
8. Introduces guests.  
9. Presents teacher award.  
10. Communicates any of the state needs for workshop time to Conference Chair.  
11. Sends thank you notes to clinician, representative, Music Dept. Chair, Conference Chair etc.  
12. Prepares agenda for Sunday Membership Breakfast  
13. After conference, gets brief conference report from Conference Chair.

CONFERENCE CHAIRPERSON

(He/she is a temporary, non-voting member of the Executive Board who should attend board meetings and keep the board apprised of Conference plans.)

A. Prepares skeletal program  
1. Uses old conference programs as guides  
2. Leaves blank spaces for who will be responsible for each event

B. Prepares one sheet for each job, using handbook guidelines.

C. Sets up first meeting as soon as possible  
* For local association members.  
* For neighboring associations as needed.  
* Determines who will take on all needed jobs.  
* Distributes job descriptions and discuss.  
* Brings approximate budget amount after consultation with PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer.  
* Discusses proposed budget for various events and the need to keep expenses low.  
* Discusses conference program for ideas.  
* Makes deadline for all information that you must get for final program.  
* Confirms newsletter and printing deadlines.  
* Mails out schedule revisions as timing and events become firm (Date each revision)  
* Checks with competition chair for time needs.  
* Allows enough time between events.  
* Are they in same room or in different building?  
* Breaks for snacks, lunch.  
* Time to go back to hotel to prepare for Banquet.  
* Determines Host for Tertulia. Set time and place.  
* Indicates time of opening and closing of exhibits.  
* Checks with State Composer Chair for length of concert (starts usually 7:30)  
* Adjusts beginning of Clinician Recital so there isn’t big gap between.  
* Checks with President for times of Board meeting and Sunday full membership meeting.  
* Obtains student’s day schedule from Student Activities Chair.  
* Sets dates for further meetings as needed to get information for the overall schedule.  
* Coordinates with Newsletter editor and program printer.  
* Checks with PMTNM President: greetings, names of guests, program notes.  
* Determines who will print various concert programs (Clinician, Composer, Student Winners and Student Ensemble)  
* Sends that person details by mutually decided deadline.  
* Sets post-conference meeting to prepare brief report on what worked, problems encountered, etc. for next Conference Chair.  
* The following are the suggested chairpersons. Depending on the number of volunteers, several jobs may have to be done by the same person. Choosing the Clinician and  
4

VII - Duties of Committees and Committee Chairmen

Workshop Presenters is frequently done by Conference Chair. It is encouraged that each committee chair coordinate programs for the Conference Chair.

SITE MANAGER

A. Obtains preliminary program from chairperson for site time and piano requirements.  
B. Acquires sites for each event according to its requirements.  
C. Secures auditorium and practice for concerts (Composer and Clinician, Student Winners)  
D. Secures auditorium for auditions and practice.  
E. Secures practice space before Competitions.  
F. Secures Master Class space.  
G. Secures rooms for workshops and other program events.  
H. Sets up registration space at entrance.  
I. Sets up exhibition space which should be located in a central traffic location.  
J. Sees that microphones are available where needed.  
K. Works with Piano Manager to insure that pianos are located properly.  
L. Provides a clear, large map for the Conference Issue of PMTNM Newsletter and Program. (Include hotel and motel locations and prices from Hotel Manager.)

NOTE: University and College facilities should be used if available. Churches and civic auditoriums sometimes have excellent instruments and space. It is always best if the activities can be in one place, but in some cities this is impossible. Stay in touch with PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer for additional guidelines.

HOTEL-MOTEL MANAGER

A. Contacts hotels to set aside numbers of rooms. Secures room rates.  
B. Hotels and motels should be affordable and convenient. Conference hotel often gives a complimentary room per a certain number of conference guests. Ask hotel manager for details.  
C. Banquet facilities are generally available so coordinate with Banquet Manager  
D. Sends information on locations and prices to Site Manager.

BANQUET MANAGER.

A. Makes meal arrangements in late spring, early summer. Stays in close contact with Executive Secretary-Treasurer for number of attendees and Site Manager for facilities.  
B. Teacher's Banquet  
1. Gets approximate number of attendees from Executive Secretary-Treasurer.  
2. Contacts State President for head table choices and makes place cards.  
3. Gets locals to do table decorations. The number depends on number of people divided by the number of people at each table,  
4. Arranges for mike if at all possible (noisy restaurant space is too difficult for speakers and check noise level during busy hours)  
C. Student Activities Banquet  
1. Gets number of attendees from Executive Secretary-Treasurer.  
2. Arranges for the menu. Remember to keep it as inexpensive as possible, cafeteria style food suitable for students.  
3. Arranges for microphone  
4. Obtains local volunteer entertainment if time is available.  
5. Asks local association to make inexpensive take-away decorations on tables.

VII - Duties of Committees and Committee Chairmen

6. Checks with Student Activities Chair for: programs, head table arrangement, place cards, etc.  
7. Gets two local students to do the invocation and another to act as Master of Ceremonies. Informs Activity Chair and PMTNM Executive. Secretary-Treasurer for free meal tickets.

D. Board Meeting Dinner -Thursday Evening.  
1. Coordinates with State President for number of attendees.  
2. Arranges catering or gets local teachers to do potluck dinner.  
3. Finds someone to volunteer a home, or restaurant could be used.

E. Sunday Morning Membership Breakfast  
1. Checks numbers with Executive Secretary-Treasurer.  
2. Considers choice for non-egg eaters: cereal or pancakes.  
3. Keeps this as inexpensive as possible.

F. Tertulia  
1. Arranges for reception with local teachers at a museum, or a volunteer's home.

G. Hospitality Cart  
1. Discusses possibilities for snacks around lunch time at conference site and during the competitions. This is not strictly necessary.  
2. Contacts a local money making organization to see if they would like to do the cart.

H. Student Banquet  
1. Cookies and punch after concerts are provided by a local organization or a neighboring organization.

ADVERTISING, EXHIBITS, GOODY BAGS

A. Finds local advertisers, chamber of commerce, for ads and donations (pencils, pads, leaflets, etc.) for registration bag. (Refer to Advertising Manager)  
B. Contacts local music stores to arrange for exhibit. Refer to Advertising Manager.  
C. Is responsible for locking exhibit room overnight and unlocking in morning. Be available to exhibitors when they arrive and leave to answer questions and direct them to exhibit space.  
D. Checks with PMTNM Advertising Manager as to number of tables needed.

PUBLICITY

A. Local: Newspapers, TV, Radio  
B. Writes pre-convention article and set up interviews.  
C. Two weeks ahead announces the clinician and student concerts. Provides bios and ticket price if any.  
D. One week ahead writes an article about local students entering competition.  
E. Writes post-conference article and interviews with local student winners.  
F. Works with PMTNM Newsletter Editor, Conference Chair for pre-conference newsletter.  
G. Obtains bios, pictures, titles, descriptions and programs from the Clinician and Workshop Chairperson to include with conference program.

CLINICAN

A. Obtains a clinician as soon as possible, as wasted time can be your enemy.  
B. Gets recommendations from former chairman and passes on any candidates you did not use. Asks state and local people for ideas and PMTNM President for information.  
C. Writes letters.  
D. Describes conference, gives dates.

VII - Duties of Committees and Committee Chairmen

E. Secures from the spring board meeting as to what we would like from clinician.  
F. Payment (clinician pays own hotel room unless someone volunteers to house him/her)  
G. Checks with Executive Secretary-Treasurer as to the going rate for the four needs:  
H. Recital, Master class, Lecture, Judging for Junior/Senior Performance Auditions. (Work with Competition chair if you need to schedule the Clinician to judge. Be considerate of Clinician time.) Get someone else for any of these four events if the Clinician cannot do them all.  
I. Clinicians usually do not judge on both days. Stays in close touch with Executive Secretary-Treasurer.  
J. Requests outline of talk and sample recital program. (Gets firm program for Newsletter) Be tactful about requesting that the talk be non-commercial if clinician is connected with a publishing house.  
K. Makes choice. (Write to all you have contacted.)  
1. Writes to selected Clinician and ask for needs.  
2. Do they need to be met at airport?  
3. Gives directions if he/she is not met.  
4. Gives cost of hotel unless someone is putting him/her up.  
5. How many complimentary banquet tickets are needed? (Arrange with Executive Secretary-Treasurer)  
6. How much time do they need for practice?  
7. Asks for bio, picture, final recital program, title and description of talk and firms the deadline. Sends all of this information to Publicity Chairman.  
L. Contacts Executive Secretary-Treasurer to send formal contract to Clinician so there is no question as to specific fees or duties for this conference.

WORKSHOP PRESENTERS AND PRESIDERS (INCLUDING CLINICIAN)

A. Determines number and length of time of workshops from overall schedule.  
B. Calls around for ideas and volunteers. (workshop clinicians are not paid)  
C. Determines subjects for workshops:  
1. In place of one workshop, suggests everyone go to listen to the competitions.  
2. Organizational meetings should be coordinated with the PMTNM president.  
3. Subjects other than piano: voice, violin, etc.  
4. Publishers showcase  
5. Student oriented-check with Student Activities Chair  
D. Gets bios, pictures, titles and description for program from workshop presenters before deadline.  
E. Gets a teacher to preside for all events. Sends their names to Publicity Chair along with workshop presenter's bios, etc. for program and Newsletter.  
F. Composer concert is presided by the State Composition Chair.  
G. The Clinician program is presided over by the State President.

PIANO MANAGER

A. Works with Site Manager in determining availability and condition of pianos. EXCELLENT pianos are needed for the Clinician Recital and the Competitions.  
B. Acquires pianos if needed and arranges for delivery.  
C. Finds good tuner and coordinates.

COMPETITION COORDINATOR

A. Be the liaison with State Competition Chairs to help meet their needs.  
B. Be available to help State Competition Chairs set up competitions.

VII - Duties of Committees and Committee Chairmen

DUTIES OF THE CONTINUING EDUCATION BOARD (FORMERLY CERTIFICATION) (See Section IX for program details.)

A. Jointly reviews progress of members working toward Professional Status by a variety of means, such as independent study, correspondence courses, private instruction, workshops, college classes or other materials agreed upon by the Continuing Education Chairman and the applicant.  
B. Periodically reviews and updates PMTNM Continuing Education Program.

DUTIES OF THE DANFELSER SCHOLARSHIP CHAIRMAN  
(See Section IV for the Byrdis W. Danfelser Piano Scholarship details.)

A. Coordinates the Byrdis W. Danfelser Piano Scholarship Committee in reviewing applications and selecting scholarship recipients.  
B. Presents the scholarship at the State Conference Student Banquet or asks a member of the committee to do so.  
C. Is responsible for publicity and promotion pertaining to the scholarship activities.  
D. Works with the Executive Secretary-Treasurer regarding the scholarship fund and disposition of the award.  
E. Attends Executive Board Meetings and sends requested reports to the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer.  
F. Additional duties are listed under the General Duties for All Chairmen, Section VII.

DUTIES OF THE GROUP PIANO CHAIRMAN

A. Provides information and items of interest pertaining to group piano.  
B. Stimulates members with news of group piano.  
C. Investigates all news items pertaining to group piano.  
D. Writes items for the PMTNM NEWSLETTER highlighting group piano.  
E. Suggests possible group piano workshops to State Conference Chairman.  
F. Is active in group piano affairs in the state and at the national level.  
G. Attends Executive Board Meetings and sends requested report to the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer.  
H. Additional duties are listed under the General Duties for All Chairmen, Section VII.

DUTIES OF THE HANDBOOK CHAIRMAN

A. Works with the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer to see that each new member and each new college student member receives a copy of the PMTNM Handbook.  
B. Works with the Executive Secretary-Treasurer to keep the Handbook up to date. When additions or revisions are needed, has copies reproduced and sent to the members through the PMTNM NEWSLETTER. It is very important that actions taken by the PMTNM Executive Board and general membership, as well as new MTNA rulings, be reflected in updated pages for the PMTNM Handbook. Ideally, revised pages should be included in the winter PMTNM NEWSLETTER. (The year to begin in January should be indicated in lower left corner of page to indicate update.) Members should be asked to replace the old pages with the new. Handbooks on hand should also be updated.  
C. Keeps a complete record of all members receiving the Handbook and additions or revisions.

8

VII - Duties of Committees and Committee Chairmen

D. Sends additional or replacement copies of the Handbook upon request. (A charge is required. See Current Fee Schedule: Section III.)

E. Works with the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer to have more Handbooks printed as needed.

F. Attends Executive Board Meetings and sends requested report to the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer.

G. Additional duties are listed under the General Duties for All Chairmen, Section VI.

❖ DUTIES OF THE INDEPENDENT MUSIC TEACHERS FORUM CHAIRMAN

A. Requests, from the State President or Conference Chair, a time for an IMTF session to be held at the State Conference. Such sessions may be in the form of panel discussions on subjects directly relating to independent teachers, so that they may share their possible solutions to mutual problems (studio and tuition policies, released time for lessons and school credit, financial management, tax deductions and requirements, continuing education, pedagogical or psychological problems directly related to young children, improving the professional image of the IMT). Or these sessions may take a workshop form in which concrete solutions to these or other related problems may be presented by an individual or panel.

B. Establishes liaison with local chapter presidents and requests them to devote some part of a local meeting or program during the year to the above subjects, relating concerns of IMT's or their solutions back to you.

C. Relates these concerns, solutions or discussions to the Southwest Division Chairman of IMTF, so that he/she may share them with other state IMTF chairmen in the division and nation.

D. Is prepared to assist the Division Chairman in any requests for information he/she may have (licensing and zoning, number of IMT's in state membership, survey information, etc.).

E. Is prepared to disseminate to your state officers or membership (via the PMTNM NEWSLETTER) any information sent to you for that purpose by the Division Chairman.

F. Works closely with the state Public Relations Chairman so that the efforts, achievements and professionalism of the independent teachers in the state organization are given ample public recognition.

G. Encourages a positive working relationship with college music teachers and public school music teachers.

H. Attends Executive Board Meetings and sends requested reports to the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer.

I. Additional duties are listed under the General Duties for All Chairmen, Section VII.

❖ JOYCE WALKER STUDENT FOUNDATION CHAIRMAN

(See Section IV for Joyce Walker Student Foundation Scholarship details.)

A. Works with the Student Activities Chairman, the Executive Secretary-Treasurer, the PMTNM President, and the Executive Board in promoting programs and overseeing distribution of the scholarship awards.

B. Presents scholarships to Joyce Walker Student Foundation recipients at the State Conference Student Winners Recital or appoints someone to do so.

C. Works with the Executive Secretary-Treasurer on investment of the principal and other financial decisions related to the fund.

VII - Duties of Committees and Committee Chairmen

D. Attends Executive Board Meetings and sends requested reports to the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer.

E. Additional duties are listed under the General Duties for All Chairmen, Section VI.

DUTIES OF THE LOCAL ASSOCIATIONS CHAIRMAN

A. Serves as the liaison between the state and national organizations for the local associations.

B. Identifies all the local associations in the state and communicates to them any programs of interest that PMTNM or MTNA is sponsoring.

C. Elicits information from local associations about their successful programs.

D. Where no local group is functioning in an area with enough PMTNM members, the chairman encourages these teachers to form a local association.

E. Shares ideas for programs directly with local groups and through the PMTNM NEWSLETTER.

F. Encourages local groups to reach out to non-member teachers and to inform them of the benefits of certification and membership.

G. Attends Executive Board Meetings and sends requested reports to the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer.

H. Additional duties are listed under the General Duties for All Chairmen, Section VII.

DUTIES OF THE MTNA JUNIOR/SENIOR AUDITIONS CHAIRMAN

(See Section XI for program details.)

A. All duties pertain to state level competition. District Auditions in both Junior/Senior Performance categories have been abolished.

B. Supplies Junior and Senior Performance Audition contestants with necessary information.

C. Arranges to hold the Junior/Senior Performance Auditions during the State Conference of each current year. All Junior and Senior Performance Audition contestants will participate in the Auditions, which are generally held on Saturday. If the facilities permit, the audition may be open. The State Chairman will select the judges for the audition and counsel them in using the PMTNM Junior/Senior Performance Audition rating sheets. (If the State Chairman has a student or relative entered in the auditions, he/she shall designate a disinterested person to select the judges.) The judges will choose one winner and one alternate in the Junior/Senior level for each category entered in the Competition.

D. Serves as a member of the Student Day Activities Committee in planning the State Student Day during the State Conference, and in coordinating all student programs.

E. Promptly contacts the Southwest Division Junior/Senior Performance Auditions Chairman and gives him/her the names of the PMTNM Junior and Senior High winners. Contacts with the Divisional Chairman should be kept up so that the Junior/Senior Auditions Chairman may help the students in any way before the Division Auditions. The winners and their teachers should be kept up to date on any information that pertains to them for the Divisional Auditions.

F. Makes sure that students and parents fully understand–before entering State competitions--that if he or she is a winner, they must be prepared and willing to go on to Division and National should they win the successive competitions.

G. Gives names of the Joyce Walker Foundation award winners to the Executive Secretary-Treasurer on the form provided. Gives information to typist for recital programs for the student winners recital.

10

VII - Duties of Committees and Committee Chairmen  
H. Announces winners and presents awards at the State Conference Winners Recital or appoints another person to do so if unable to attend. (Presents Walker Foundation awards if requested to do so by the Joyce Walker Foundation Chairman.)  
I. Notifies the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer of names and addresses of student winners who will be traveling to the Division Auditions.  
J. Orders rating sheets, certificates, trophies, plaques, and medals as needed.  
K. Attends Executive Board Meetings and sends requested reports to the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer.  
L. Additional duties are listed under the General Duties For All Chairmen, Section VII.

DUTIES OF THE NOMINATING COMMITTEE  
A. Prepares a roster of candidates.  
B. Asks each candidate if he/she will accept the nomination, after informing each candidate of his/her job and what it entails (using the Handbook).  
C. Presents the roster of candidates to the PMTNM President and the Executive Secretary-Treasurer at least 15 days and preferably 21 days before the opening date of the annual State Conference.  
D. Presents a report to the Executive Board at their Conference Board Meeting. The Board then votes to recommend the slate of officers to the membership at the State Conference Business Meeting.  
E. Presents the report at the State Conference Business Meeting for voting by the membership.

DUTIES OF THE PEP CHAIRMAN  
(Performance Evaluation - General Auditions--See Section XI for program details.)  
A. Sends out application blanks with the January PMTNM NEWSLETTER.  
B. Receives application forms and collects fees. (See Current Fee Schedule: PEP Section III). Sends fees and bills to Executive Secretary-Treasurer.  
C. Secures judges for each Audition and sends judges guidelines. (Judges should be from another city if possible and will be paid according to the Current Fee Schedule: Section III, PEP Judges.) Sees that the judges are paid.  
D. Sends necessary materials and information to run the PEP Audition to the local chairman.  
E. Keeps supplies of application forms, judging forms, "Judges Guidelines", repertoire sheets, ribbons, certificates, etc., ordering and revising as needed.  
F. Serves as a member of the Student Activities Committee in planning the State Student Day during the State Conference, and in coordinating all student programs.  
G. Works with the PEP Committee in setting up a judging seminar (which must be attended by all members wishing to become judges in the PEP Auditions), and on repertoire requirements and/or a syllabus.  
H. Attends Executive Board Meetings and sends requested reports to the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer.  
I. Additional duties are listed under the General Duties for All Chairmen, See Section VII.

DUTIES OF THE PMTNM MEMORIAL OUTREACH FUND CHAIRMAN  
(See Section IV for PMTNM Memorial Outreach Fund details.)  
A. Keeps abreast of the status of funds available for Outreach Program.  
B. Works with the Outreach Committee and the PMTNM Executive Board in matters pertaining to guidelines and distribution of the PMTNM Memorial Outreach funds.

VII - **Duties of Committees and Committee Chairmen**  
C. Supervises the processing of requests for funds and acts as the liaison between requesting party(ies), the Outreach Committee, and the Executive Board, and in particular with the Executive Secretary-Treasurer. D. Develops creative and innovative ideas for a) increased teacher and student participation in bringing the joy of music to others; and b) encouraging new members by offering opportunities for musical participation in other than competitive performance at our state conference. E. Presides at an Outreach presentation at our state conference. F. Attends Executive Board Meetings and sends requested reports to the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer. G. Additional duties are listed under the General Duties for All Chairmen, Section VII.

♦ **DUTIES OF THE PMTNM NEWSLETTER EDITOR**  
A. Investigates the method of printing and selects a company to do the printing that will produce an excellent newsletter at a reasonable price. B. Edits the PMTNM NEWSLETTER to ensure that it is factual, in good taste and is a professional publication reflective of PMTNM. C. Sees that the PMTNM NEWSLETTER is mailed to all PMTNM members including PMTNM College Student Chapter members (with an extra copy going to the Archivist and the Executive Secretary-Treasurer). Sees that each State MTA President receives one copy of the PMTNM NEWSLETTER a year (usually after the list of new presidents is printed in the American Music Teacher around March). D. Keeps two copies of all PMTNM NEWSLETTERS and PMTNM Rosters in a permanent file. E. Consults with the President on the number of extra copies needed each time. F. Sees that the PMTNM Student Activities programs, STEP program and PEP program are listed in the winter issue of the newsletter. Sees that Conference Registration Forms are sent with the fall newsletter. G. Assists the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer on the printing of the Roster and sends it out with the winter issue of the PMTNM NEWSLETTER. (Includes an extra copy to the Archivist, two extra copies to the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer, and an extra copy to members who have paid for extra listings.) Sends copies of the Roster to new members along with the most recent issue of the PMTNM NEWSLETTER. H. If also serving as Advertising Manager for the PMTNM NEWSLETTER, see Duties of the Advertising Manager in this section. I. Attends Executive Board Meetings and sends requested reports to the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer. J. Additional duties are listed under the General Duties for All Chairmen, Section VII.

♦ **DUTIES OF THE STUDENT HONORS PROGRAM CHAIRMAN**  
(See Section XI for program details.)  
A. Serves as a member of the Student Activities Committee in planning the State Student Day during the State Conference, and in coordinating all student programs. B. Selects judges for the State Student Honors Program. C. Orders certificates and awards for first, second, and third place state winners. D. Orders seals for certificates and has Student Honors Rating Sheets printed. E. Makes advance arrangements for the State Honors Auditions (time and place) with the Conference Chairman.

VII - Duties of Committees and Committee Chairmen  
F. Sets the deadline for District Winners forms and fees as soon as the State Conference dates are set.  
G. Sends the District’s Application Forms, Acceptance of Conditions for Participation forms, and combined District and State Fees form at least three months prior to State Chair’s deadline.  
H. Sends schedule of place and time of State Conference, including judges’ names, to the District winners and teachers and the District Vice Presidents. Practice rooms are available and warm up time on the instrument to be used is provided before the piece is performed.  
I. Sends fees to the Executive Secretary-Treasurer. (See Current Fee Schedule: Student Honors, Section III.)  
J. Announces winners and presents certificates and awards following the State Auditions and at the Student Winners Recital. Presents Joyce Walker Student Foundation awards at the recital if requested to do so by the Walker Foundation Chairman.  
K. Gives information to typist for recital programs for the Student Winners Recital.  
L. Writes Student Honors news articles for the PMTNM NEWSLETTER.  
M. Attends Executive Board Meetings and sends requested reports to the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer.  
N. Additional duties are listed under the General Duties for All Chairmen, Section VII.

DUTIES OF THE PUBLICITY/PUBLIC RELATIONS CHAIRMAN  
A. Directs and helps execute PMTNM’s public relations, promotion and publicity programs.  
B. Is available to District Vice Presidents for assistance with public relations matters. (The District Vice Presidents serve as Publicity Chairmen for their districts.) Instructs them in proper publicity methods and acquaints them with available communications media in the state.  
C. Seeks out information from PMTNM officers and committee chairmen concerning programs they are directing; information they receive from the national and division offices; important dates and pertinent information concerning auditions, contests, festivals, concerts, etc.  
D. Attends Executive Board Meetings and sends requested reports to the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer.  
E. Additional information may be found in Section XVI.

DUTIES OF THE STEP CHAIRMAN Scale and Theory Evaluation Program. (As of this writing STEP Activities are being held only at the local and not at the state level.)  
A. Keeps the theory and scale contest requirements sheets and old examinations and sends them to members on request. Reproduces additional copies as needed. A fee is charged for sample tests and study sheets. (See Current Fee Schedule: STEP, Section III)  
B. Proposes revisions to the theory and scale contest requirements, presents them to the Executive Board, publicizes them in the PMTNM NEWSLETTER and presents them to be voted on by the membership at a conference meeting.  
C. Prepares and sends the application to the State Newsletter Editor to be included with the winter issue of the PMTNM NEWSLETTER  
D. Receives the applications and STEP fees (see Current Fee Schedule: STEP, Section III). Sends the fees to the State Executive Secretary-Treasurer.  
E. Keeps an itemized record of income and expenses to be included in a report at the annual conference.

VII - Duties of Committees and Committee Chairmen  
F. Prepares written examinations, grading keys, oral theory questions and judges' instructions before March 1. Distributes the exams, instructions and a list of the exams to local STEP chairmen or teachers as they are ordered. Checks to be certain all examination materials are returned. Grades the exams and records the grades on the applications. Returns the exams to the teachers as soon as possible.  
G. Orders local STEP certificates; signs and sends them with the exams.  
H. Keeps a record of teachers, students, levels, number enrolled for exams or contests, grades on written exams and winners.  
I. Orders the state STEP awards.  
J. If there is a State STEP Day: Announces in the fall newsletter that local STEP events must be completed by Oct. 8 and materials returned by Oct. 14 to the state chairman. Gives Oct. 21 as the deadline for reporting to the STEP Chairman names, levels and contests for students competing on the State STEP Day. Asks teachers whose students are participating, College Chapter members and other teachers to judge. Two judges are assigned to most contests. Prepares oral theory questions and flashcards, judges' instructions and judging sheets for orals and scales, envelopes for required scales and for blank pieces of paper used for seating order, lists of students participating with room numbers and the time of each contest and large envelopes for each judge's materials. Arranges a meeting of judges before the contests for instructions and clarification of rules. Records winners of the orals, scales and written exams in triplicate for the Student Activities Chairman and Newsletter Editor and retains one copy. Prepares awards and presents them at the Student Activities Banquet.  
K. Serves as a member of the Student Activities Committee to plan the State Student Day during the State Conference and to coordinate all student programs.  
L. Attends Executive Board Meetings.  
M. Additional duties are listed under the General Duties for All Chairmen, Section VII.

DUTIES OF THE STUDENT ACTIVITIES CHAIRMAN  
A. Serves as chairman of the Student Activities Committee which coordinates all student programs and plans the activities for State Student Day.  
B. Takes care of ordering certificates and PMTNM Student Activities forms.  
C. Sees that the PMTNM Student Activities forms are included in the January PMTNM NEWSLETTER.  
D. Is responsible for the mechanics for State Student Activities Day. Arranges for the registering of students for all events. Sees that all students attending conference are presented with a certificate during the Student Banquet.  
E. Works with the Conference Chairman on arrangements for a speaker and/or other entertainment for the Student Banquet. Arranges for head table guests, and obtains students to participate at the banquet: (1) as master of ceremonies, and (2) to give the invocation (in consultation with the conference chairman).  
F. Takes care of preparing programs for the Ensemble Program and the Student Banquet.  
G. Coordinates the State Student Winners Recital, which includes the winners of the Composition Contest, the State Student Honors program, and the State Junior/Senior Performance Auditions. Works with Conference Chair to arrange for a reception after the recital.  
H. Sends thank you notes to those who helped with all State Student Day activities.  
I. Attends Executive Board Meetings and sends requested reports to the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer.  
J. Presents any special requests to the board.  
K. Additional duties are listed under the General Duties for All Chairmen, Section VII.

VII - Duties of Committees and Committee Chairmen

DUTIES OF THE STUDENT COMPOSITION CONTEST CHAIRMAN  
(See Section XI for program details.)  
A. Secures three qualified judges for the contest or notifies the MTNA National Competition Coordinator prior to the competition that the state association can supply only one judge. (Under no circumstances are two judges to be used.)  
B. Receives and numbers the compositions for judges. Works with the national competition dates and the PMTNM State Conference Chairmen.  
C. Notifies the winners. Returns the manuscripts, along with the judges' comments to the contestants' teachers.  
D. Arranges with the Conference Chairman and the first place contestants to have their compositions performed at the state conference. Also sees that the winning contestants receive awards at the state conference.  
E. Writes thank you notes to the judges.  
F. Serves as a member of the Student Activities Committee in planning the State Student Day during the State Conference and in coordinating all student programs.  
G. Attends Executive Board Meetings and sends requested reports to the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer.  
H. Additional duties are listed under the General Duties for All Chairmen, Section VII

DUTIES OF THE YOUNG ARTIST COLLEGE AUDITIONS CHAIRMAN  
(See Section X for program details)  
A. Notifies the colleges and universities in the state of the Auditions. Encourages teachers to become members of PMTNM and enter their students in the Auditions.  
B. Supplies College Auditions application forms to interested teachers.  
C. Sets the time and place for the College Auditions making sure they are held at least one week before the date of the PMTNM Conference or in conjunction with the state conference.  
D. Secures qualified judges for the Audition. (A fee, if any, should be agreed upon in advance.) If the Chairman has a student playing in the Auditions he/she should designate a disinterested person to select the judges.  
E. Administers the Audition and announces the winner(s). If unable to attend, designates someone to administer the Audition.  
F. Follows the instructions provided by national for the State Collegiate Artist Performance Competition Chairman.  
G. Keeps the winner(s) and his/her teacher(s) up to date on any information that pertains to him/her for the State Conference Winners Recital.  
H. Supplies the person in charge of the State Conference Winners Recital program with the names of the performer and composition to be played.  
I. Sends names of the Joyce Walker Foundation award winners to the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer on the form provided.  
J. Announces winners at the State Conference Winners Recital or appoints another person to do so if unable to attend. Presents Walker Foundation awards if requested to do so by the Joyce Walker Foundation Chairman.  
K. Notifies the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer of names and addresses of student winners who will be traveling to the Southwest Division Auditions.  
L. Attends Executive Board Meetings and sends requested reports to the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer.  
M. Additional duties are listed under the General Duties for All Chairmen, Section VII.

# SECTION VIII

SECTION VIII

# Section VIII - Certification

Section VIII - Certification

STATE CERTIFICATION

A. State (PMTNM) Certification, which was previously a requirement for membership, has been discontinued.  
B. It has been replaced by the PMTNM Continuing Education Program. Members are encouraged to further their education through this program. See Section IX of this Handbook for details.

NATIONAL (MTNA) CERTIFICATION AND RENEWAL

A. MTNA certification and renewal are now processed directly through the national office.  
B. Checks for MTNA certification fees should be made payable to MTNA and sent to the national office along with required forms and material.  
C. MTNA certification applications or renewal information can be obtained by contacting the national office in any of the following ways:  
1. By phone: (999) 512-5278  
2. By fax: (513) 421-2603  
3. By mail: MTNA, The Carew Tower, 441 Vine Street, Suite 505, Cincinnati, OH 45202-2811  
4. Through the MTNA web site:  
D. Teachers who have received MTNA certification are so indicated in the PMTNM Membership Roster by NCTM (Nationally Certified Teacher of Music) after their names.

# SECTION IX

SECTION IX

IX - Continuing Education (formerly Certification)  
Revised March 1970, November 1972, November 1974, July 1986, January 1991, April 2002, July 2003, May 2004

PMTNM State Continuing Education Levels  
A. Professional Doctors (PD) - Doctorate Degree - the branch of specialization to be indicated on the certificate.  
B. Professional Masters (PM) - Masters Degree or Masters equivalent - the branch of specialization to be indicated on the certificate. Indicates member has earned 32 Point in the PMTNM Continuing Education Program  
C. Professional (Pf) - Bachelors Degree or Bachelors equivalent - the branch of specialization to be indicated on the certificate.

Application Procedures  
A. Obtain a Continuing Education Application Form from the Continuing Education Chairman.  
B. Fill in the application forms and send them to the Continuing Education Chairman.  
C. Include transcripts of college work (photocopies are accepted; may have the college or university send the transcripts directly to the Continuing Education Chairman).  
D. Teachers of music in New Mexico colleges may not be required to send a transcript. Contact the Continuing Education Chairman for details.  
E. Those who do not have a degree should request, "How to Earn Professional Status" and plan to submit a resume to the Continuing Education Chairman.

Requirements For PMTNM Continuing Education  
A. Professional Doctors 1. The applicant holds a Doctorate Degree with a major in his/her branch of specialization and has submitted transcripts to the CE Chair.  
B. Professional Masters 1. The applicant holds a Masters Degree with a major in his/her branch of specialization and has submitted a transcript to the Continuing Education Chair OR: 2. The member has accumulated thirty-two (32) points, as reported and documented by the Continuing Education Chairman and/or Board.  
C. Professional 1. The applicant holds a music degree, or a degree with a major in music in his/her branch of specialization (piano, organ, voice, strings, percussion, woodwinds, brass, etc.) which shall include: a. Twenty (20) semester hours of music in his/her branch of specialization, plus two (2) semesters study of methods, materials, and/or pedagogy for credit in the branch of music specialization. b. Two (2) years of theoretical training from the following: harmony, theory, sight-singing, ear-training, keyboard harmony, counterpoint, form, analysis, totaling at least twelve (12) semester hours credit; plus music appreciation, literature, history, totaling at least four (4) semester hours credit. c. Three (3) hours psychology and three (3) hours educational psychology. (The Continuing Education Board may count teaching experience in lieu of these requirements.)  
2. The applicant holds a degree in music without a specific major in his/her branch of specialization, but can show sufficient training in his/her branch to qualify.  
3. The applicant does not hold a degree in music but is Nationally Certified (NCTM) through MTNA.  
-1-

IX - Continuing Education (formerly Certification)

D. Members who do not fulfill the requirements above when they join may work toward Professional status. Please request the document "How to Earn Professional Status" from the Continuing Education Chairman.  
1. The applicant is urged to work toward a college degree in music with a major in his/her branch of specialization or to continue their education with workshops, classes, independent study, private study, or distance learning.

Working Toward the Professional Masters

A. Eight (8) points should be earned every five year period from the date of starting the program.  
B. Only four (4) points may be carried forward from one five year renewal period to another. All points count toward earning the Professional Masters.  
C. It is the responsibility of the teacher to see that the Continuing Education Chairman receives all information applicable to renewal points, along with the substantiating evidence (transcript, affidavit, program, etc.)  
D. Information on reporting study is available from the CE Chair.  
E. Fifteen (15) contact (clock) hours constitute one credit hour or point. Only one (1) credit hour per subject per week is recognized. This is in accordance with the ruling of the North Central Association of the National Accrediting Agency for the United States, to which New Mexico belongs. (The Continuing Education Board may grant varying amounts of credit for special seminars if applied for in advance.)  
F. No credit can be granted for professionally paid positions--such as church organist, choir director, paid accompanist, etc., with the exception of outstanding specials, programs or remarkable achievement.  
G. See pages 48-50 of this Handbook for details on credits acceptable for renewal of PMTNM Professional Certificate.

Working Toward the Professional Masters -- Acceptable Credits

A. In-Service Education  
1. College or university courses and/or workshops in music or related fields taken for credit. Send transcript to the Continuing Education Chairman upon completing the course.  
2. PMTNM Continuing Education - 2 points for each semester hour of credit earned. One-half of the course credit will be given for auditing.  
B. Participation in workshops, master classes, seminars, etc. other than those taken for college or university credit.  
1. Send to the Continuing Education Chairman a brochure, syllabus or short resume of the subject matter covered in the course; the length (contact clock hours) of the course; and an affidavit form filled in and signed by the instructor at the end of the course.  
a. At workshops one affidavit may be filled in and signed by the instructor and a list of PMTNM members in attendance attached to it.  
2. Must attend the complete workshop to receive credit (unless otherwise ruled by the Continuing Education Chairman/Board.)  
3. One-half (1/2) credit will be granted for eight meetings of local association.  
4. Six (6) hour workshop = 1 point; three (3) hour workshop = ½ point.  
5. Workshops sponsored by a music company to promote their particular materials can be counted for PMTNM Continuing Education credit.  
C. Reading/Listening Programs  
-2-

IX - Continuing Education (formerly Certification)

1. Completion of an organized reading program will be granted credit equivalent to university or college course of like value.  
2. Listening to tapes obtained through the PMTNM Tape Rental Program – 15 contact hours = 1 point.

D. Private Instruction - not taken for college or university credit.  
1. Lessons must be of one hour duration. Name of instructor, his/her permanent mailing address, his/her list of qualification, names of compositions studied with edition and composer listed, and hours spent in preparation must be submitted together with a completed affidavit form to the Continuing Education Chairman within 30 days after completion of lessons.  
2. Eight (8) hours of private lessons constitutes one (1) point.

E. Elective option to be determined by the candidate with the approval of the PMTNM Continuing Education Board.  
1. Amount of credit to be determined by the Continuing Education Board. See PMTNM Independent Study Modules for examples of three (3) to five (5) point projects.

PUBLIC PERFORMANCE

A. Performance by the teacher's presentation of a solo recital or participation in a major ensemble performance. It is recommended that recital programs include teacher's affiliation with local, state, and national music teacher associations.  
1. Submit a program to the Continuing Education Board. Programs over 50 minutes equal two (2) points. A program lasting between 25 and 50 minutes earns one (1) point.  
B. Performance by the student of a member in a significant performance, such as a senior recital; or in solo or ensemble performance sponsored by the state association or other major organization; or in auditions, festivals, or competitive events sponsored by one of the MTNA units (a minimum of five students per year). It is recommended that recital programs include reference to the teacher's affiliation with local, state, and national music teacher associations.  
1. Submit a program and detailed information to the Continuing Education Board.  
C. Student winner of MTNA affiliated competition requiring a group of pieces or MTNA affiliated composition competition requiring one piece.  
1. Submit official competition results to Continuing Education Board.  
2. Earn one point per year, ½ to 1 point per year for non-MTNA competition winners.  
D. Studio Recitals – Performance of the teacher's students for family and friends.  
1. Submit a program to the Continuing Education Board.  
2. One to two programs per year earns ¼ point; three or more programs per year earn ½ point.

LEADERSHIP

Credits dependent on difficulty or time required of the service.  
A. Actively serve as an elected or appointed officer in national, divisional, state or local association; earn ½ to 1 point per year.  
B. Actively serve as a member of a board, commission, committee or as a committee chairman in national, divisional, state or local association; credit to be determined by the Continuing Education Board.  
C. Serve as editor, business manager, or advertising manager of PMTNM NEWSLETTER; earns one point per year.

IX - Continuing Education (formerly Certification)

PROFESSIONAL INVOLVEMENT  
A project which has been listed in a previous category cannot be listed here.

A. Registered attendance at national, divisional or state meeting; 2 points per national conference; 1 point per other conference.  
B. Presentation of lecture, recital or paper at national, divisional or state meeting; receives ½ to 1 point per program.  
C. Attendance at music festivals, defined as a festival where major artists perform; credit to be determined by the Continuing Education Board.  
D. Publication of musical composition or magazine article (one page minimum); 1 point per publication.  
E. Judging musical events (minimum: 6 Hours).  
1. One point per year for judging musical events sponsored by national, divisional, state or local music teacher associations; ½ point per year for judging events sponsored by other organizations.  
F. Musical tours and study in foreign countries.  
1. Submit to the Continuing Education Chairman a schedule of concerts and a detailed list of any courses of study you plan to take prior to your departure. Upon your return, submit an affidavit listing the concerts you attended together with ticket stubs and programs of each concert. Submit affidavit forms for the courses of study. Credit to be determined by the Continuing Education Board.  
G. Elective Option to be determined by the candidate with the approval of the PMTNM Continuing Education Board. For example, ½ point per year for volunteer activities, such as directing church musicals, playing in a symphony, serving as accompanist or choir director, or planning a concert series, student performance in non-MTNA competitions (minimum of 5 students per year).  
-4-

# SECTION X

SECTION X

# Section X – College Student Activities

Section X – College Student Activities

PMTNM COLLEGE HONORS PROGRAM

A. The requirements for this contest are given in Section XI of this Handbook under Student Activities.

PMTNM COLLEGE STUDENT CHAPTERS

A. Many college and university music programs concentrate on the areas of performance, college teaching, or public school music, with little or no emphasis on the teaching of children, as an independent music teacher. This is an area where PMTNM members could be of real service both in giving the college student needed information and in promoting our profession. It is for these reasons that PMTNM encourages members in college and university cities to help organize College Student Chapters. Suggestions for such chapters are given below. The State College Student Chapters Chairman should refer to Section VII of this Handbook for chairmanship duties.

PURPOSE

A. To acquaint the college music student with the independent music teaching profession.  
B. To help the music student realize his/her potential in the independent music teaching profession.  
C. To ensure that the independent music teaching profession will have qualified young people entering in the future.

ORGANIZATION

A. The organization can range anywhere from the very formal with a constitution, elected officers, regular meetings, etc., to the very informal with a few "rap" sessions with professional independent teachers.

DUES

A. See the American Music Teacher for the State and National Student dues. Additional local dues may be assessed if needed.  
B. Payment of State and National dues entitles the College Student Chapter member to:  
1. Receive the American Music Teacher magazine and the PMTNM NEWSLETTER.  
2. Attend PMTNM sponsored conferences and conventions without charge and the MTNA Conference at a minimal registration fee.

SUGGESTED TOPICS OF INTEREST

A. How to start a studio. This might include visits to PMTNM members' studios, including the very simple and basic to the more elaborate.  
B. Information on costs of equipment, studio policy, the importance of being business-like and professional, etc.  
C. Discussions or seminars with experienced independent music teachers on beginning teaching methods, lists of materials and repertoire, what to expect from the younger student and how to deal with the parents, etc.

# Section X – College Student Activities

Section X – College Student Activities

YOUNG ARTIST (MTNA Collegiate) AUDITIONS

The College Auditions are a competitive event governed by the requirements set forth for the MTNA Collegiate Artist Performance Competition and the MTNA Collegiate Chamber Music Performance Competition. The State Chairman should refer to: Duties of the Young Artist Collegiate Auditions Chairman Section VII of this Handbook.

♦ ELIGIBILITY

The contestant must be a high school graduate but not have reached his/her 27th birthday by the date of the National Auditions in March or April. The contestant need not be currently enrolled in a college or university but must be studying with a teacher who is a member in good standing of PMTNM. The teacher's dues (state and national) must be postmarked to MTNA national headquarters on or before September 1 of the current year.

♦ PERFORMANCE CATEGORIES

A. Contestants may enter in piano, voice, strings, woodwinds, brass, percussion, organ, or classical guitar.

♦ REPERTOIRE REQUIREMENTS

A. The contestant should consult the April/May issue of the *American Music Teacher* or contact the Young Artist Collegiate Auditions Chairman for the current repertoire requirements.

♦ FEES

A. The fee for each contestant should be sent to the MTNA Auditions Coordinator at the time of application. Application forms are available in the April/May issue of the *American Music Teacher* or from the Young Artist Collegiate Auditions Chairman.

♦ AUDITION SCHEDULE

A. The State College Auditions will be held at least 6 weeks before the Division Auditions.

♦ AUDITION PROCEDURES

A. The Young Artist Collegiate Auditions Chairman shall select qualified judges. Three judges are required for those competitions with 5 or more entries, and one judge may be used in competitions with 4 or less entries. It is preferable to use three judges and to use one judge from out of state. (If the chairman has a student entered in the Auditions he/she will appoint a disinterested person to select the judges.)  
B. See the June/July issue of the *American Music Teacher* for maximum performance times. Choice of selections to be heard will be at the discretion of the judges.

2

# Section X - College Student Activities

Section X - College Student Activities

C. The contestants must provide scores of the repertoire for the judges (one copy is sufficient). No reproduced copy of printed (copyrighted) music may be used by performers or accompanists, nor provided for the judges. For more information see the *American Music Teacher* or contact the Young Artist Collegiate Auditions Chairman.

D. The judges may select no more than one winner in each category.

E. The State Collegiate Competition overall winners receive cash awards from the Joyce Walker Student Foundation as follows:  
1. First Place $600  
2. Second Place $200

F. The winner of the Joyce Walker $600 award will be required to perform at the PMTNM State Conference or forfeit the first place Walker Foundation award. In this event, the Joyce Walker Student Foundation second place winner becomes the first place Joyce Walker Student Foundation winner, receives the $600, and is required to perform at the State Conference. (Forfeit of first place Walker Award does not affect the student's College Auditions rating nor his/her eligibility to compete in the Southwest Division Auditions.)

G. The College Auditions first place winners will represent PMTNM in the Southwest Division Auditions held in January or February.

H. Winners may change repertoire between State and Division competitions. No changes may be made between Division and National auditions.

I. The state winners of the PMTNM College Auditions will be given financial help with their travel expenses to the Division Auditions and to the National Auditions if declared a Division winner.

YOUNG ARTISTS (MTNA COLLEGIATE) CHAMBER MUSIC COMPETITION

ELIGIBILITY

A. The competition is open to any group of three to six performers (any combination of keyboard, brass, string, or wind instruments; however, ensembles of three or more pianists are not eligible to compete in this competition). Contestants must be high school graduates who have not reached their 27th birthday by the time of the National Conference. Students need not be enrolled in a college or university. The group must be coached by a member of MTNA whose dues have been paid before the State Competition application deadline.

REPERTOIRE REQUIREMENTS

A. Consult the June/July issue of the *American Music Teacher* magazine or the Young Artist Collegiate Auditions Chairman for repertoire requirements and additional information.

YOUNG ARTISTS (MTNA COLLEGIATE) COMPOSITION CONTEST

A. The requirements for this contest are available in the April/May issue of the *American Music Teacher* or from the Young Artist Collegiate Auditions Chairman.

# SECTION XI

SECTION XI

# Section XI - Student Activities

Section XI - Student Activities

❖ PURPOSE

The PMTNM has a long tradition of offering the students of PMTNM members a wider musical experience than is ordinarily afforded in private music study. For many years these offerings came through membership in the PMTNM Student Affiliate Organization. While the Student Affiliate and required membership have been abolished, all of the previous programs plus expanded opportunities are being provided.

❖ STUDENT ELIGIBILITY

Students wishing to participate in PMTNM student activities may be of elementary, middle school, or high school age. (Some categories are open to college age students as well.) The student's teacher must be a current PMTNM member in good standing.

❖ FEES

A. Fees for various activities and programs are listed under each activity heading of the Current Fee Schedule, Chapter III of this Handbook.  
B. A registration fee is charged for those who are competing in Honors or Junior/Senior Performance Auditions or attending the annual Student Activities Day during the PMTNM State Conference. (See Student Day Registration Fee, Section III) Note: This fee is included in the Honors Registration that is sent in by the District Vice Presidents.  
C. Other conference expenses which are optional will include banquet tickets and some concerts.

❖ TEACHER RESPONSIBILITIES

A. Teachers who enter students in student activities are required to assist in the operation of the programs as determined by the state and/or local chairman of the programs.  
B. Any teacher with a student entered in any Conference Competition (Honors and/or MTNA Junior/Senior Auditions) or student activity will be required to assist with the auditions and activities. In lieu of helping he/she may (a) find a qualified substitute to be approved by the student competition chairman as his/her designated helper or (b) he/she must pay a $50 fee to hire a helper.  
C. All teachers who have a student auditioning or participating in any Conference event will be required to register for the State Conference and pay the teacher's registration fee.

❖ COMPETITIVE AND NON-COMPETITIVE STUDENT PROGRAMS

A. Details on each of the student programs follow in this section of the Handbook except for MTNA Collegiate and the Step Auditions.  
1. MTNA Junior Performance Auditions: A competitive audition for students age 11-14 at the state level, with state winners eligible to continue to the MTNA Junior Performance Auditions at the division level.  
2. MTNA Senior Performance Auditions: A competitive audition for students age 15-18 at the state level, with state winners eligible to continue to the MTNA Senior Performance Auditions at the division level.  
3. MTNA Student Composition Contest: A state contest for student composers judged by a professional composer. State winners are eligible to compete at the MTNA division level.

# Section XI - Student Activities

Section XI - Student Activities

4. MTNA Young Artist (Collegiate) Auditions: A competitive audition for students age 19-26 at the state level, with state winners eligible to continue to the MTNA Young Artist Auditions at the division level.

5. PMTNM Performance Evaluation Program – PEP: This program is a non-competitive general audition offered at the local level only.

6. PMTNM Scale and Theory Evaluation Program –STEP: This program offers written theory exams, oral theory quizzes, and scale playing activities at the local level. (The state competitions currently have been abolished.)

7. PMTNM Student Honors Program: A competitive audition in the areas of piano, instrumental, and voice at the district and state levels.

B. Other Activities with local student groups may be formed with member teachers. Suggested activities include field trips, recitals, service programs (such as at retirement homes and hospitals), social activities, workshops and/or master classes and festivals.

STATE STUDENT ACTIVITIES DAY

A. Held on Saturday at the time and place of the State Conference (usually the second weekend in November).

B. The Student Registration Fee entitles the student and his/her family to attend all conference workshops and the Ensemble and Winners Recitals.

C. Conference activities include:  
1. Student Honors State Auditions  
2. Ensemble Program (5 minute time limit per selection). Reproductions of copyrighted music may not be used.  
3. State MTNA Junior/Senior Performance Auditions.  
4. State Conference Student Banquet (additional charge).  
5. The State Student Winners Recital. Program includes the winning compositions from the Student Composition Contest, the State Student Honors winners, and The State winners of the MTNA Junior/Senior Performance and Young Artist Auditions. Awards, including the Joyce Walker Student Foundation cash awards, will be presented at the recital.  
6. A variety of musical activities designed to provide musical enjoyment for students of all ages.

ORGANIZATION

A. Student Activities Chairman: Is appointed by the State President. Is in charge of registration, banquet arrangements, and the ensemble program. He/she coordinates State Student Activities Day and serves as chairman of the Student Activities Committee. (See Duties of the Student Activities Chairman, Section VII)

B. Student Activities Day Committee: Plans the State Student Activities Day and works to coordinate all student activities to sustain a vital, growing student program that responds to the needs of both teachers and students.

C. The committee is chaired by the Student Activities Chairman and is comprised of the chairmen of: STEP, PEP, Student Composition, Student Honors, and MTNA Junior/Senior Performance and Young Artist Auditions.

MTNA Junior/Senior Performance Auditions

A. These auditions are a part of the MTNA Student Program. Therefore all fees, enrollment schedule, forms and deadlines are set by the Music Teachers National Association.

B. Rules and deadlines are always found in the American Music Teacher spring issue.

C. Rules and regulations may also be obtained on the MTNA web site: www.mtna.org

-2-

# Section XI - Student Activities

Section XI - Student Activities

MTNA Student Composition Contest

The MTNA Student Composition Contest is a competitive event governed by the requirements set forth by MTNA. National awards are made possible by Warner Brothers Publications, Inc. and the MTNA Foundation. (Duties of the State Student Composition Chairman are detailed in Section VII of this Handbook.)

A. These auditions are a part of the MTNA Student Program. Therefore all fees, enrollment schedule, forms and deadlines are set by the Music Teachers National Association.  
B. Rules and Deadlines are always found in the American Music Teacher spring issue.  
C. Rules and regulations may also be obtained on the MTNA web site: www.mtna.org

Eligibility

A. Teachers may enter in competitions only students who are currently studying composition with them. The student (with the exception of college students) must have been studying some area of music with the teacher entering him/her for at least six of the nine months preceding the deadline for entry.  
B. The teacher and the entrant may not be the same individual.  
C. Current membership dues for MTNA and PMTNM, Inc. must be sent to MTNA national headquarters and postmarked or time/date stamped on or before September 1 of current year.  
D. An MTNA collegiate member must pay active membership dues to enter students in the competition.

Classifications  
(Check the MTNA American Music Teacher April/May issue for current deadline for age requirements.)

Submission Requirements

A. An entrant may submit only one composition.  
B. The performance time may not exceed ten (10) minutes.  
C. A composition may be in any style for any medium.  
D. A composition that includes a copyrighted text must include a written statement from the copyright holder giving permission to use the text. If the text is in the public domain, a signed statement indicating this fact must accompany the manuscript.  
E. A fully realized score, completely notated by the composer is required. The manuscript must be in the composer's handwriting or in the form of a computer printout produced by the composer.  
F. For compositions using unusual instruments and for compositions for large ensembles (6 or more performers), a videotaped performance at the national conference is permitted.  
G. Performance parts are required for performance at the state, division, and national concerts, but do not need to be submitted with the original application materials.  
H. Recordings are no longer required for the application process. (2002)

Fees

A. See Current Fee Schedule, Student Composition Contest, in the MTNA American Music Teacher - April/May issue of the current year or the MTNA website: www.mtna.org

# Section XI - Student Activities

Section XI - Student Activities

♦ Winners  
A. The judges may select a first, second, and third place winner in each classification. Honorable Mention may be awarded to a worthy contestant. B. The winners will receive a ribbon at the State Conference and may also receive cash awards. (See Prizes, Section III for current cash amounts.) C. The first place winner in each classification is eligible for the Southwest Division Composition Contest.

♦ Performance  
A. The first place winning state compositions may be performed at the State Conference. The first place national winning compositions are performed at the National Conference. B. Cash awards (depending upon sponsor) may be presented to the first, second, and third place winners at each level.

♦ PMTNM Performance Evaluation Program (PEP)  
The Performance Evaluation Program (PEP) is a PMTNM sponsored non-competitive general audition. The repertoire, dates and general rules are determined by the PEP Committee.

♦ Audition Schedule  
A. PEP Auditions can be held at any time during the year.

♦ Eligibility  
A. Entrants must be studying with a teacher who is a member in good standing of PMTNM. B. Entrants may be of elementary, junior high or senior high age. C. There is also an adult category for students over the age of 18.

♦ Organization  
A. State: The State PEP Chairman will be appointed by the State President to administer the PEP Auditions. B. Local: A local Chairman, appointed by the local MTA will make arrangements for the time and place of the local auditions, working through the State PEP Chairman in administering the Auditions. C. Individual: In localities where there is no local MTA, individual teachers may make arrangements for the PEP Auditions directly with the PEP Chairman.

♦ Fees  
A. See Current Fee Schedule: Section III, Performance Evaluation Program (PEP), for applicable fees.

♦ Repertoire: Piano  
A. Each teacher should determine the performance level for each of his/her students who are entering the Auditions. B. All solo selections must be performed by memory. 1. Music is to be played with no repeats. 2. Contrasting numbers should be selected to show the student's versatility. 3. Students must play at least three pieces or a minimum of four minutes of performance time. 4. Beginning with level four, students must play selections representing three musical periods. Teachers are asked to refer to the PMTNM General Auditions (PEP) Music Guide in the Appendix of this Handbook.

-4-

# Section XI - Student Activities

Section XI - Student Activities

C. An ensemble may be programmed in lieu of one piece.  
1. An ensemble may include a duet or duo, a vocal solo with accompaniment, an instrumental solo with accompaniment. The vocalist, if being judged as a PEP participant, should perform from memory. Other instrumentalists and accompanists in the ensemble category are not required to play from memory.  
2. If a student enters PEP in piano, his ensemble entry must also feature him at the piano, not on another instrument or voice.  
3. Evaluation of an ensemble should reflect the ensemble as a whole with special attention to the PEP participant. The judge should be given scores which include both solo and accompaniment parts.  
4. Under no circumstance is a PEP participant exempt from the requirement that, beginning with level four, music from at least three style periods must be performed. Therefore, the ensemble should be selected to fulfill part of this requirement.

D. A musicianship task may be programmed in lieu of one piece.  
1. The musicianship task includes all scales, triads, and arpeggio at the level of the participant's enrollment, with the choice of key to be determined by the PEP judge.  
2. An ensemble or musicianship task is *not* required, but may be programmed in lieu of one of the three pieces required.

Repertoire: Voice  
A. Level I-IV (5 minutes performance; 9 minutes total)  
1. Scales: Sing a major scale from any given pitch, one octave.  
2. Arpeggios: Sing a major arpeggio using 1, 3, 5, 8 ascending and descending, unaccompanied.  
3. Intervals: Recognize or sing the interval of a third, a fifth and an octave.  
4. Repertoire: Sing 1 or 2 contrasting songs from memory.  
B. Levels V-VIII (10 minutes performance; 14 minutes total)  
1. Scales: Sing a major scale. Sing a natural minor scale.  
2. Arpeggios: Sing major and minor arpeggios.  
3. Intervals: Recognize or sing the interval of a fourth and sixth.  
4. Repertoire: Sing 3 contrasting songs from memory.  
C. Levels IX - XII (16 minutes performance; 20 minutes total)  
1. Scales: Sing chromatic, melodic and harmonic minor scales.  
2. Intervals: Recognize or sing all intervals from a given pitch including a seventh.  
3. Reading: Sight sing a simple melody.  
4. Repertoire: Sing 4 contrasting songs in the original language from memory (Folk, classical, modern, and sacred).  
(Prepared by Karolyn Coulter in collaboration with the Los Alamos Music Teachers. Accepted at Convention 11/98)

Repertoire: Instruments other than Piano  
A. Each teacher should determine the performance level for each of his/her students who are entering the Auditions.  
B. It is not required that solo selections on instruments other than piano be performed from memory.  
1. Music is to be played with no repeats.  
2. Contrasting numbers should be selected to show the student's versatility.  
3. Entrants must play at least three pieces for levels one through three, or a minimum of four minutes or performance time.  
4. Beginning with level four, students must play selections representing at least two musical periods, but may do three musical periods to fill time requirements.  
5. The U.I.L. (University Interscholastic League) Music and All-State Music should serve as a guide for orchestral instruments.  
-5-

# Section XI – Student Activities

Section XI – Student Activities

6. The National Association of Organ Teachers Handbook and/or the PMTNM Organ Syllabus and Requirements compiled by Marian Henry and Linda Rice (available from the state PEP Chairman) may serve as a guide for the organ. Selections must be legitimate organ music and not arrangements of piano music.

C. An ensemble may be programmed in lieu of one piece.  
1. An ensemble may include a duet or duo, or an instrumental solo with accompaniment.  
2. If a student enters PEP in voice or on an instrument other than piano, his ensemble entry must also feature him in voice or the designated instrument.  
3. Evaluation of an ensemble should reflect the ensemble as a whole with special attention to the PEP participant. The judge should be given scores which include both solo and accompaniment parts.  
4. Under no circumstance is a PEP participant exempt from the requirement that, beginning with level four, music from at least two style periods must be performed. Therefore, the ensemble should be selected to fulfill part of this requirement.

D. A musicianship task may be programmed in lieu of one piece.  
1. The musicianship task includes all scales, triads, and arpeggios at the level of the participant’s enrollment, with the choice of key to be determined by the PEP judge.  
2. An ensemble or musicianship task is *not* required, but may be programmed in lieu of one of the required pieces.

E. Scales, chords, and arpeggios in the key of each piece should be prepared according to the appropriate National Course of Study for the level entered.

Requirements for All Entrants

A. Students must provide a copy of each piece for the judge.  
1. Measures should be numbered.  
2. Reproductions of copyrighted music may not be used.

B. Time limits given below must be adhered to in the audition.

| Performance Levels | Total Time | Performance Time | Evaluation Time |  
|---|---|---|---|   
| Piano/Voice/Instrumental 1 – 4 | 9 minutes | 5 minutes | 4 minutes |  
| 5 – 8 | 14 minutes | 10 minutes | 4 minutes |  
| 9 – 12 | 20 minutes | 16 minutes | 4 minutes |  
| Organ 1 – 4 | 9 minutes | 5 minutes | 4 minutes |  
| 5 – 6 | 14 minutes | 10 minutes | 4 minutes |  
| 7 – 10 | 20 minutes | 16 minutes | 4 minutes |

Recognition

A. Each entrant will receive a colored ribbon: Blue – Superior; Red – Excellent; White – Good or Needs Improvement.  
B. Each entrant will receive a certificate that has been signed by the State PEP Chairman, the Local PEP Chairman, and the Student’s teacher. Each teacher will fill in the names of his/her students on the certificate.

Judges

A. PMTNM members wishing to judge in the PEP Auditions must have participated in a judging seminar (arranged for by the PEP Chairman), or have judging experience which meets the approval of the State PEP Chairman.

# Section XI — Student Activities

Section XI — Student Activities

B. All judges should follow the "Judge Guidelines", prepared by the PEP Committee, in order to keep the judging standards consistent throughout the state. Judges must also adhere to required time limits.

C. Pay for judges are detailed in the Current Fee Schedule: Performance Evaluation Program (PEP), Section III of this Handbook.

D. A grade and constructive criticism will be given each entrant by the judge on rating sheets furnished by the PEP Chairman. The grading standard is as follows:  
I 92—100 Superior  
II 85—91 Excellent  
III 75—84 Good  
IV 65—74 Needs Improvement

Audition Procedure

A. State Chairman  
1. The State PEP Chairman will arrange for a qualified judge(s) (from another city), and will send the Local Chairman the needed forms, ribbons, and certificates to run the local PEP Auditions. (See Duties of the PEP Chairman in Section VII of this Handbook for further details.)

B. Local Chairman  
1. Make arrangements for time and place of Auditions.  
2. Six weeks prior to audition, notify State PEP Chairman of date, place, and time required for Audition. You may include a request for three judges in order of preference. If possible, your request will be honored. Tell the State PEP Chairman if there will be any vocal or non-piano instrumental entries so that appropriate judging forms can be sent.  
3. Three weeks prior to audition, collect application and fees from local teachers.  
4. Two weeks prior to audition send State PEP Chairman totals for all entries and all entry fees. Include request for certificates and ribbons needed.  
5. As soon as you receive the name of your judge(s), contact them. Arrange lodging and meeting places. Some judges prefer to stay in homes; others prefer motels. Request a picture and press release.  
6. Have adequate number of rating sheets printed and distribute to local teachers. Distribute certificates to teachers at least one week prior to Auditions.  
7. Set up schedule for the Auditions, allowing the judge breaks and lunch times. If local teachers wish, schedule a time for conferences with the judges following the Auditions. A judge will judge no longer than eight hours (unless consulted and agreed in advance by the judge). Arrange for door monitors.  
8. Before the Audition day, check the facilities and audition room to be sure everything is in order.  
9. Provide the judge with a master time schedule.  
10. See that the judge and student only are in the room at the time of the Audition.  
11. After the audition, see that all rating sheets and ribbons are given to the individual teachers. Under no circumstances should the rating sheet and ribbon be given to the student by anyone other than their own teacher, unless requested by the teacher.  
12. Return on the form provided, a report of the Auditions to the State PEP Chairman, and return all unused ribbons and certificates. Include any bills for printing.  
13. In case of illness or family crisis, a local teacher may be enlisted to hear the Audition at a later date. No reimbursement will be made for this.  
14. As a courtesy, local teachers usually provide the noon meal for the judges. If it is to be at a restaurant, make an advanced reservation and allow travel time to and from the restaurant in the schedule. Local teachers often prefer a potluck at one of the teacher's homes.  
-7-

# Section XI - Student Activities

Section XI - Student Activities

C. Participating Teacher  
1. Studies the Music Guide and determines the approximate number of students entering and the level for each student entering.  
a. This information should be given to the Local PEP Chairman so that he/she can notify the State PEP Chairman at least six weeks prior to the Auditions.  
b. A student may enter a level as many times as desired.  
c. Teachers are asked to refer to the PMTNM General Auditions (PEP) Music Guide (or Organ Syllabus and Requirements for organ entrants) available from the PEP Chairman, or the appropriate guide for other instrumentalists.  
2. Receives a PEP Application form each year with the January PMTNM News.  
3. Lists on PEP Application for Auditions the total number of students entered in each level, and the fees for each level.  
4. Writes ONE check to PMTNM to cover the PEP Audition Fees for all his/her students entering.  
5. Sees that the application form and check are given to the Local Chairman in time to reach the State PEP Chairman at least two weeks before the Auditions.  
6. Adheres strictly to the Repertoire Rules listed earlier in this section.  
7. Fills in the rating sheet (distributed by the Local PEP Chairman) with the names of the pieces to be performed along with other requested information.  
8. Notifies each student of his/her Audition time and sees that he/she presents the rating sheet and music to the judge.  
9. Provides the Local PEP Chairman with a list of student names for the newspaper.  
10. After the Audition, gets all his/her students' rating sheets and ribbons from the Local PEP Chairman or the judge and distributes them along with the certificates to the individual students.

D The judge's/judges' decision is final and incontestable once the score sheets are given to the chairman.

PMTNM Student Honors Program

The PMTNM Student Honors Program is a competitive audition at the district and state levels. The program was designed and implemented to encourage students to study, prepare and present recital caliber repertoire in a polished performance. Participants have the opportunity to perform before qualified judges who provide careful and constructive criticism. All participants have an incentive and forum for musical and personal development; outstanding student winners perform in recitals at the culmination of the state competitions. The repertoire dates, and general rules are determined by the PMTNM Students Honors Committee. (Duties of the Student Honors Program Chairman are detailed in Section VII of this Handbook.)

Entrant Responsibilities  
A. The entrant is responsible for all financial obligations at any level of the competition.  
B. District winners are obligated to advance to the state level of the competition. Should an unforeseen circumstance prevent winner or alternate from advancing to the state level of the competition, they must immediately notify the state chairman.  
C. PMTNM/MTNA recommends that students below the age of 18 be accompanied by an adult at all levels of competition. PMTNM will exercise all reasonable caution to provide a safe environment for all entrants but cannot guarantee the safety of all entrants.

State Winners Responsibilities  
A. State winners are required to perform at the PMTNM State Conference.  
B. Failure to appear in the scheduled Winners Recital will make the winner and the winner's teacher ineligible for any awards, honors, or recognition pertaining to the competition.

# Section XI - Student Activities

Section XI - Student Activities

Eligibility  
A. The entrants must be studying with a teacher who is a member in good standing of PMTNM.  
B. Students below age 8 may enter the Honors Program at Level I. The teacher must submit a recording of the student playing the audition piece to the State Honors Chairperson for a decision on whether the student may or may not enter the Honors Program.  
C. Students may enter both the Honors Program and the Junior/Senior or College Auditions in the same year, but on different instruments. Students may enter two categories in Honors on different instruments. No contestant will be allowed to enter on more than two instruments.

Fees  
A. District Audition Fee: This amount is set by each district. This fee should consist of the District Fee for each student who enters the district audition plus a fee to cover local expenses for judging, facilities, etc. The District Fee, indicated in the Current Fee Schedule (Section III, Student Honors) is to be forwarded to the State Honors Chairperson by the specified deadline. Any additional amount is retained by the district to pay for local expenses.  
B. State Audition Fee: The State fee indicated in the Current Fee Schedule (Section III, Student Honors) is to be sent to the State Student Honors Chairman by the specified deadline.  
C. State Student Activity Day Fee: The State fee indicated in the Current Fee Schedule: Student Activity Day Fee, Section III, is to be sent to the State Student Honors Chairman by the specified date. This fee is only collected from District Winners.

Performance Levels  
Level I: Students ages 8 & 9 on September 1.  
Level II: Students ages 10 & 11 on September 1.  
Level III: Students ages 12 & 13 on September 1.  
Level IV: Students ages 14 & 15 on September 1.  
Level V: Students ages 16 & 17 or High School Senior on September 1.  
College: Students who are a high school graduate, but not have reached their 27th birthday by the time of the State Conference. The contestant need not be currently enrolled in a college or university.

Performance Categories  
A. Piano Performance  
B. Instrumental Performance  
C. Vocal Performance

Repertoire & Performance Requirements

A. General Guidelines  
1. Music for all instruments must be of recital or concert caliber.  
2. Music to be performed must be memorized.  
3. The entrant will furnish a copy of the music for the judge. (Reproductions of copyrighted music may not be used.)  
4. Teachers or students may not edit music by cutting certain sections out of the music for any instrument.  
5. District winners must play the same selection at the State audition.  
6. Time limits for the Auditions are:  
* Level I, II Up to 6 minutes  
* Level III Up to 8 minutes  
* Level IV, V Up to 10 minutes  
* College Up to 12 minutes

-9-

# Section XI - Student Activities

Section XI - Student Activities

7. Time limits are strictly enforced. Students who go over the time limit will be disqualified.  
8. The State Honors Auditions are offered only to students of those teachers who are registered for the Conference.

B. Piano/Instrumental  
1. The PMTNM General Auditions (PEP) Music Guide in the Appendix of this Handbook should be used as a guide for repertoire in piano. Entrants should be playing level three material or higher to enter.  
2. The U.I.L. music and All-State music should serve as a guide for other instruments.  
3. The National Association of Organ Teachers Handbook may serve as a guide for organ and/or the PMTNM Organ Syllabus compiled by Marian Henry and Linda Rice, available from the State Honors Chairman. Selections must be legitimate organ music and not arrangements of piano music.  
4. Pianists and other instrumentalists may play one composition. More than one composition may be programmed as follows:  
a. Multiple movements of one sonata, sonatina, or suite.  
b. Pieces must have the same opus number.  
c. Pieces from the same work (but not if different opus number), Examples:  
 ♦ Bartok Mikrokosmos - any pieces from the 6 Volumes,  
 ♦ Debussy Preludes - any pieces from Volume 1 or 2,  
 ♦ Bach - Preludes and Fugues - any from Book I or II of Well-Tempered Clavier,  
 ♦ Tansman - Pour les Enfants - choose any from the 4 books.  
5. Non-keyboard students must furnish an accompanist (which may be their teacher) for all Auditions (when necessary).

C. Voice  
1. Purpose of the Auditions  
a. Encouragement towards more diligent study in the preparation of appropriate repertoire.  
b. An opportunity to perform under conditions designed to provide the most complete and total consideration for the student.  
c. Stimulate the desire and incentive for vocal and musical self-improvement.  
d. An opportunity to sing before qualified and impartial judges, and to receive careful and constructive criticism.  
e. Opportunities for public appearance by outstanding students.  
2. Repertoire Requirements  
a. Youth - Under 19 years of age on September 1. (Levels are listed in Section III.)  
 ♦ One English song  
 ♦ One art song of contrasting nature in any language.  
 ♦ All songs may be sung in English.  
 ♦ It is recommended that operatic arias NOT be programmed.  
b. College - Ages 19-25 years of age on September 1.  
 ♦ One aria (opera or oratorio) sung in the original language or in an English translation.  
 ♦ One Italian, French, German or Spanish art song performed in the original language.  
 ♦ An art song in English selected from any national genre NOT represented in the list above.  
c. The Suggested Vocal Materials for Honors Auditions Preparation in the Appendix of this Handbook should be used as a guide for vocal repertoire.  
- 10 -

# Section XI – Student Activities

Section XI – Student Activities

3. Conduct of the Auditions  
a. The Honors Voice Auditions are primarily designed to give the student an opportunity to be judged. The motivating spirit is a mutual seeking and cooperative effort towards the highest in vocal artistry and technique.  
b. Teachers are permitted to accompany their own students. Students must bring their own accompanists.

Judges (District & State)

A. The judges will use the PMTNM Junior/Senior Audition Rating Sheets.  
B. The judges shall select a first, second and third place winner in each level of each category at both the District and State Auditions. Judges may not select any ties for a first place, but may tie a second or third place. In the event of a tie for second place, judges must designate one of the two as first alternate and the other as second alternate.  
C. The judges will reserve the right to declare "No Winner" (or "No Alternate" at the District Audition) if performance is not considered of sufficiently high quality for the age level.

Audition Procedures

A. District Auditions  
1. The District Vice President will schedule District Auditions in time to meet the deadline set by the State Honors Chairman to receive the list of District winners.  
2. The District Vice President will see that all entrants fulfill the requirements.  
3. First place winners for each level of each category may enter the State Student Honors Audition.  
4. Second place winners shall be alternates (unless there is declared no first place winner) and may enter the State Audition if the first place winner cannot go due to transportation, school, illness, financial or other reasons.  
5. Third place winners shall be alternates (unless there is declared no first or second place winner) and may enter the State Auditions if the first or second place winner cannot go due to reasons stated in #4 above.  
6. The State Honors Chairman will provide the Districts the appropriate application forms to be completed and returned by the set deadline. (Sample forms are found in the Section XIV.)

B. State Auditions  
1. The State Student Honors Auditions will be held on Friday or Saturday during the PMTNM State Conference. If facilities allow, the Auditions may be open. Students must arrive at the appointed time for competition or be disqualified.  
2. Any teacher with a student entered in any Conference competition or student activity will be required to help with that competition or activity. In lieu of helping he/she may send another PMTNM member as his/her designated helper or may pay a $50.00 fee to the State Chairperson who will hire a helper.  
3. All entrants for the State Student Honors Audition must have been first place winners at the District Audition (or the alternate if the first place winner cannot attend.)  
4. State winners are required to perform at the PMTNM State Conference. Failure to appear in the scheduled Winners Recital will make the winner and the winner's teacher ineligible for any awards, honors, or recognition pertaining to the competition. The second place winner steps into first place and will be allowed to play on the State Student Winners Recital. (In the event of a second place tie, judges must have designated them as first and second alternate.)

-11-

# Section XI - Student Activities

Section XI - Student Activities

5. First, second and third place District organ student winners are requested to make a taped performance for the State Winners Recital (before Conference) in case facilities do not have an organ available for the recital performance.

6. State Student Honors winners in each level of each category will be awarded a certificate and a medal or trophy.

7. State Student Honors first place winners in Levels I through V will receive cash awards from the Joyce Walker Student Foundation (as listed in Section III).

8. College State Honors winners in each category will receive certificates and cash awards from the Joyce Walker Student Foundation (as listed in Section III).

# SECTION XII

SECTION XII

XII MTNA/PMTNM Composition Commissioning Program

A. The Music Teachers National Association will pay one-half of the commission, up to a set amount. The minimum amount of commission is left to the discretion of the PMTNM.

B. Upon deciding to commission a composition, the State Association will write to National Headquarters requesting the contractual agreement and submit, at the same time, the following information:  
1. The total amount of the commission - State and National.  
2. The name of the composer selected by the State.  
3. The type of composition, if it has been decided.  
4. A tentative deadline for the delivery of the composition.  
5. A projected plan for the first public performance of the composition during the State Conference. (The work must be guaranteed a performance.).

C. The MTNA Executive Secretary will administer the commission and upon its completion will send a check for one-half of the total, or the entire amount, billing the state for their half—whichever the state desires.

D. PMTNM may choose any composer it wishes, although he/she should be a resident of the USA. It is recommended that the composer be a resident of the State or Division.

E. The composer will submit the composition to the Commissioning Chairman two months before the State Conference.

F. The composer will arrange for a person or persons to perform the composition during the State Conference. Final arrangements as to time and place of performance are to be worked out with the Commissioning Chairman and the Conference Chairman.

G. If the composer wishes to participate in the National Competition for the award given to the outstanding "Composer of the Year", then he or she must follow the guidelines set forth by MTNA. All required data is to be sent to the MTNA Executive Secretary.

H. For further information, the Composition Commission Chairman should refer to the Duties of Composition Commission Chairman, Section VII.

-1-

# SECTION XIII

SECTION XIII

# Section XIII - PMTNM Advertising and Exhibit Policies

Section XIII - PMTNM Advertising and Exhibit Policies

DISPLAY ADVERTISEMENTS

RATES AND CONTRACTS

A. Rates, contract form and other policies to be reviewed and approved by the Board of Directors at the spring meeting, annually.  
B. Rates shall be lower than normal commercial rates based on a survey of at least one (1) professional journal and one (1) in-state newspaper.  
C. See Advertising Rate Schedule in the Appendix of this Handbook for current fees.  
D. Contract forms can be obtained from the PMTNM Advertising Manager. (See Section I of the Handbook)

METHOD OF SOLICITING ADVERTISING

A. Ads to be solicited annually (summer) to run in three consecutive issues of the *PMTNM NEWSLETTER* and/or Conference Program, or to exhibit. This is handled by Newsletter Editor and/or Advertising Manager.

# SECTION XIV

SECTION XIV

# Section XIV - PMTNM Forms

Section XIV - PMTNM Forms

District retains copy  
for each district  
participant. Send  
original to  
State Honor's Chair.

Professional Music Teachers of New Mexico, Inc.  
affiliated with Music Teachers National Association

Student Honors PROGRAM  
Application for Audition

Place _______  
1st place winners  
advance to state.

Student's Name _____________________________  
District _____________________ District Chairman ________________________  
Teacher's Name _____________________________  
Parent or Guardian's Name _____________________________  
Student's Address _____________________________  
City _________________________ Zip Code ________________________  
Phone _________________________ Email ________________________  
Performance Category (circle one) Piano Voice Strings Winds Organ  
Level _____________ (indicate I-V or college)  
Instrument/Voice Part _________________________ Age on September 1 of current year _______

1. Music for all instruments must be of recital or concert caliber.  
2. For pianists, all music must be original piano music with the exception of folk tune arrangements. Avoid all simplifications or arrangements of master works.  
3. Pianist and other instrumentalists may enter only one composition with certain exceptions, not to exceed the time limit. (See Handbook Section XI, page 10, Repertoire & Performance Requirements B-4)

Title of Composition(s)  Composer Performance Time

District Fee $__________ (This consists of the local administrative fee and the district fee. An addition fee will be required from winners who advance to the State Honor Competition.)  
(An additional fee for State Honors & Conference Registration will be collected from District Winners)

-1-

# Section XIV - PMTNM Forms

Section XIV - PMTNM Forms

Professional Music Teachers of New Mexico, Inc.  
Acceptance of Conditions for Participation.  
This agreement applies to all phases of competition.

1. I have read and discussed the competition rules with my teacher(s). As an informed contestant I agree to respect and abide by the competition rules. Failure to do so will result in my disqualification.  
2. Teachers, coaches, entrants, parents and guardians may not interact in any way with adjudicators before or during the competition at any level.  
3. The decisions of adjudicators are final and may not be challenged.  
4. No action, legal or otherwise, with regard to the conduct or outcome of the competition may be initiated against any of the adjudicators, or Professional Music Teachers of New Mexico, Inc., or any of its officers, directors, representatives, or members.  
5. I understand that winners at the state level are obligated to perform at the Winners Recital at the State Conference.  
6. I am responsible to pay for applicable fees at the District and State levels, including conference registration fees, if I advance from District to State. I will comply with applicable deadlines for remittance of fees and forms.  
7. PMTNM/MTNA recommends that students below the age of 18 be accompanied by an adult at all levels of competition. PMTNM will exercise all reasonable caution to provide a safe environment for all entrants but cannot guarantee the safety of all entrants.

The undersigned agree to the conditions, set forth above, for participation in the 200 ___ Honors Competition, to be administered by the Professional Music Teachers of New Mexico, Inc.

Student Entrant's Signature _________________________ Date ___________

Parent or Guardian's Signature _________________________ Date ___________

Teacher's Signature _________________________ Date ___________

-2-

**Section XIV– Student Activities**

Student's Name:  
Rating:

Years of study:  
Years with this teacher:  
Age:  
Level:  
PEP:  
Level of Scales for:

| Composition | Composer | Grade |  
|---|---|---|   
| 1. |  |  |  
| 2. |  |  |  
| 3. |  |  |  
| 4. |  |  |

**Composition 1**

| ACCURACY | S | E | G | NI | INTERPRETATION | S | E | G | NI |  
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|   
| Notes |  |  |  |  | Expressiveness |  |  |  |  |  
| Rhythm |  |  |  |  | Style |  |  |  |  |  
| Tempo |  |  |  |  | Phrasing |  |  |  |  |  
| Dynamics |  |  |  |  | Balance (melody & accompaniment) |  |  |  |  |  
| TECHNIC | S | E | G | NI | GENERAL MUSICIANSHIP | S | E | G | NI |  
| Fingering |  |  |  |  | Poise |  |  |  |  |  
| Hand Position |  |  |  |  | Memory |  |  |  |  |  
| Touch & tone |  |  |  |  | Continuity |  |  |  |  |  
| Pedal |  |  |  |  | Control |  |  |  |  |

**Composition 2**

| ACCURACY | S | E | G | NI | INTERPRETATION | S | E | G | NI |  
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|   
| Notes |  |  |  |  | Expressiveness |  |  |  |  |  
| Rhythm |  |  |  |  | Style |  |  |  |  |  
| Tempo |  |  |  |  | Phrasing |  |  |  |  |  
| Dynamics |  |  |  |  | Balance (melody & accompaniment) |  |  |  |  |  
| TECHNIC | S | E | G | NI | GENERAL MUSICIANSHIP | S | E | G | NI |  
| Fingering |  |  |  |  | Poise |  |  |  |  |  
| Hand Position |  |  |  |  | Memory |  |  |  |  |  
| Touch & tone |  |  |  |  | Continuity |  |  |  |  |  
| Pedal |  |  |  |  | Control |  |  |  |  |

**Composition 3**

| ACCURACY | S | E | G | NI | INTERPRETATION | S | E | G | NI |  
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|   
| Notes |  |  |  |  | Expressiveness |  |  |  |  |  
| Rhythm |  |  |  |  | Style |  |  |  |  |  
| Tempo |  |  |  |  | Phrasing |  |  |  |  |  
| Dynamics |  |  |  |  | Balance (melody & accompaniment) |  |  |  |  |  
| TECHNIC | S | E | G | NI | GENERAL MUSICIANSHIP | S | E | G | NI |  
| Fingering |  |  |  |  | Poise |  |  |  |  |  
| Hand Position |  |  |  |  | Memory |  |  |  |  |  
| Touch & tone |  |  |  |  | Continuity |  |  |  |  |  
| Pedal |  |  |  |  | Control |  |  |  |  |

SUPERIOR - I EXCELLENT - II GOOD - III NEEDS IMPROVEMENT - IV SEE OTHER SIDE  
-3-

# Section XIV- Student Activities

Section XIV- Student Activities

Composition 4

| ACCURACY | S | E | G | N | I | INTERPRETATION | S | E | G | N | I |  
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|  
| Notes | | | | | | | Expressiveness | | | | | |  
| Rhythm | | | | | | | Style | | | | | |  
| Tempo | | | | | | | Phrasing | | | | | |  
| Dynamics | | | | | | | Balance (melody & accompaniment) | | | | | |  
| **TECHNIC** | **S** | **E** | **G** | **N** | **I** | **GENERAL MUSICIANSHIP** | **S** | **E** | **G** | **N** | **I** |  
| Fingering | | | | | | | Poise | | | | | |  
| Hand Position | | | | | | | Memory | | | | | |  
| Touch & tone | | | | | | | Continuity | | | | | |  
| Pedal | | | | | | | Control | | | | | |

General Comments

DATE JUDGE

-4-

# Section XIV- Student Activities

Section XIV- Student Activities

Professional Music Teachers of New Mexico, Inc.  
PEP Auditions  
Judge's Report and Expense Request

Audition Center ______ Judge _______  
Date ______ Address _______

Total Mileage ____ @ .25/mi. = ____  
Hours of Judging ____ @ $20 = ____  
Motel (Actual cost/moderately priced motel) _______  
Total _______

Note: No provision has been made for any other expenses. Meals are at the judge's own expense. Local teachers sometimes provide the noon meal and/or overnight housing in homes, but this is not required.

The following report is to be submitted by the judge to the State PEP Chairperson. The totals will help in determining the number of certificates and ribbons needed for the coming year. Please keep a running tally of ratings given as you hear the students. Your assistance in this matter is greatly appreciated.

Total number of students entered: _______  
Total number of Superior _______  
Total number of Excellent _______  
Total number of Good _______  
Total number of Needs Improvement _______

Please make any suggestions you wish for the State PEP Chairperson regarding the overall conduct of the PEP Auditions.

-1-

# Section XIV- Student Activities

Section XIV- Student Activities

Professional Music Teachers of New Mexico, Inc.

PEP Auditions

Judge's Report to Local Teachers

| Question | Yes | No | Sometimes |  
|---|---|---|---|   
| Were the students entered at the proper level? | | | |  
| Were all selections performed by memory? | | | |  
| Did the students provide a copy of each piece for the judge with measures numbered? | | | |  
| Beginning with level 4, was music from at least 3 styles or periods prepared? | | | |  
| Was there sufficient time to hear all pieces entered for each student? | | | |  
| Was original music prepared with the exception of folk tune arrangements? | | | |  
| Were the auditions kept on schedule, with adequate break time for the judges? | | | |  
| Did the teachers show knowledge of the guidelines? | | | |  
| What other suggestion would you make to the local teachers for improvement of their auditions? | | | |

-2-

# SECTION XV

SECTION XV

# Section XV- PMTNM Music Teacher of the Year Award

Section XV- PMTNM Music Teacher of the Year Award

PURPOSE OF THE AWARD:

The Professional Music Teachers of New Mexico believes it is important to recognize and award individuals who have made significant contributions to the field of music teaching in the private and/or public sectors of New Mexico.

CRITERIA/GUIDELINES FOR NOMINATING AND ELECTING CANDIDATES

A. Nomination consists of a resume of the individual's achievements and status as a musician and music teacher in New Mexico.  
B. Candidates must:  
1. Be a current member of PMTNM and MTNA and a legal resident of New Mexico.  
2. Be supportive of the philosophy and objectives of PMTNM and MTNA.  
3. Demonstrate outstanding professional relationships with students, fellow music teachers, and public school officials and community leaders who support music and music teaching.  
4. Demonstrate a consistent record of high standards of teaching and promoting music teaching in New Mexico.

THE RESUME MUST INCLUDE

A. Number of years of service to music teaching.  
B. Evidence of quality teaching, reflected by student and organizational awards.  
C. Identified service to PMTNM through active participation at the local, district, state, division, and national levels.  
D. List of honors and/or awards received, with dates.

PROCEDURE FOR NOMINATING AND ELECTING THE "MUSIC TEACHER OF THE YEAR"

A. At the regular spring board meeting any board member may nominate any PMTNM member for consideration of the award.  
1. Nominations must be made in person at the board meeting: they may not be received by mail.  
B. Upon making their written nomination, the board member will present a resume of their candidate's achievements, both verbally and in writing with copies for the board members.  
C. All nominations presented will then be discussed by the board. When deemed appropriate by the presiding officer, or any board member, a call for the vote will be made which will be taken by secret ballot with each board member listing their two top choices from the list of nominees.  
D. Three names receiving the highest number of votes will then be placed for another vote by secret ballot by the Board.  
E. The name receiving the greatest number of votes, out of the three, will be declared the "Music Teacher of the Year."  
F. In the case of a tie during the second balloting, another secret vote will be taken to determine the winner.

# Section XV-PMTNM Music Teacher of the Year Award

Section XV-PMTNM Music Teacher of the Year Award

ANNOUNCING THE AWARD  
A. The Board's decision will be announced by the President with formal written notification being sent to the winner, and announcement made in the Spring issue of the *PMTNM NEWSLETTER*.  
B. The award will consist of the following:  
1. A plaque engraved with the name of the award, year, and name of the recipient.  
2. Publication of the recipient's picture and appropriate recognition made in the fall issue of the *PMTNM NEWSLETTER*.  
3. Public recognition made by presenting the award to the recipient at the Conference Banquet of the annual PMTNM State Conference.

SAMPLE "MUSIC TEACHER OF THE YEAR" NOMINATION FORM  
1. NAME OF NOMINEE  
2. PRESENT ADDRESS  
3. PLACE AND DATE OF BIRTH  
4. FAMILY INFORMATION  
5. EDUCATION  
6. TEACHING EXPERIENCE (Include years and places)  
7. SPECIFIC ACTIVITIES AND EXPERIENCE RELATING TO TEACHING MUSIC AND YEARS TAUGHT  
8. EXPERIENCE ON COMMITTEES/BOARDS OF PMTNM OR OTHER TEACHING ORGANIZATIONS  
9. MEMBERSHIP IN PROFESSIONAL ORGANIZATIONS AND ACTIVITIES (Include recitals and performance-related activities)  
10. HIGH SCHOOL/COLLEGE ACTIVITIES AND HONORS  
11. COMMUNITY ACTIVITIES AND SERVICES  
12. OTHER (Include publications/compositions)  
13. DATE and YOUR SIGNATURE

# SECTION XVI

SECTION XVI

# Section XVI Publicity/ Public Relations Guide

Section XVI Publicity/ Public Relations Guide

**DUTIES APPLICABLE TO ALL PUBLICITY/PUBLIC RELATIONS**

A. General Information for Newspaper Publicity  
1. Take time to meet the editor(s) and introduce yourself. (Try to find out the "deadline" when his paper goes to press, and avoid that time for your visit!) Find out, during your visit, if he has any special requirements for submitting news releases and photos, and how far in advance this material should be submitted. Keep your visit short and business-like.  
2. The editor is a professional in communications who is basically looking for news of general interest to his readers. The editor knows--and you must remember--that many details are of interest only to other musicians. (There are, of course, some exceptions where a clever feature story can be written about some subject ordinarily of interest only to members of your profession.) As you write your story, always try to put yourself in the place of the reader. Would you yourself be interested in the story as you are writing it (if you weren't a member of the organization)? Don't be upset if your announcement of a routine meeting gets a minimum of space in the paper. (Here it is important to state that visitors or guests are welcome, if that is the situation. This fact makes the story more newsworthy.) Local activities or participation by local members in state or national activities are also considered more newsworthy by most editors. You may just as well forget the "canned" press releases from the national offices unless you can rewrite them with a local slant, or unless the release features a very prominent person.  
3. Always start with the five famous W's: WHO, WHAT, WHEN, WHERE, WHY. Try to get these five W's in the "lead" paragraph; most editors will cut the copy from the bottom up. DO NOT make a practice of calling the editor to find out why your copy was cut. Most often this happens when last minute advertising comes in, and it's not likely that the advertising will be cut!  
    * WHO: Give complete names and carefully check the spelling. The editor cannot be expected to do this. If the spelling is unusual, such as Hazle instead of Hazel, insert the word "correct" in parenthesis. It is well to ask those whose names are to appear how they would like their names to read.  
    * WHAT: Give the organization name in full. The general reader probably doesn't know what PMTNM is.  
    * WHEN: Give the complete time of the event, such as Sunday, April 8, at 2:30 p.m.  
    * WHERE: Give the meeting place, including the address.  
    * WHY: If this is a special meeting, be sure to tell what is special about it. If the meeting features some personality, say so. People are newsworthy.

B. Preparation of Copy for Newspaper Publicity  
1. Use a typewriter or word processor and double or triple space the copy on 8-1/2x 11 papers, using one side only. Leave 1-1/2 inch margins at the sides and bottom of the page.  
2. Start your copy about one-third down from the top of the page to leave room for the editor to write a "head". DO NOT TITLE your copy.  
3. Type the name of the organization, your name, and your telephone number in the upper right corner of the first page so the editor can contact you if there are questions or if more information is needed.  
4. Type "For Immediate Release" in upper left corner. Note "Picture Enclosed" if this is the case.  
5. Number the pages at the bottom such as "page 1—more" and "page 2--end."  
-1-

# Section XVI Publicity/ Public Relations Guide

Section XVI Publicity/ Public Relations Guide

6. Submit only an original or a photocopy of the story or email copy directly to the newspaper.  
7. NEVER TELEPHONE stories to editors.

C Photos for Newspaper Publicity  
1. Submit photos at the same time you submit the news release. If the release is mailed, make certain to enclose the photos between sheets of cardboard.  
2. A 5x7 glossy photo is a good size to submit. However, any clear photo with a plain, simple background and no shadows are acceptable to most newspapers. Black and white is preferable to color.  
3. Plan photos which imply action, preferably including two or three persons. Some editors will use photos of four persons; five or more persons in the photo are strongly discouraged.  
4. Using a soft pencil, write the names on the back of each photo, listing names from left to right. (If photo is to be returned, so state on the back and include the name and address of the person it is to be returned to; enclose a stamped self-addressed envelope.)

D Staff Photographers  
1. Some editors will send a staff photographer, if prior arrangements are made. There is no charge for this service, when provided. However, make certain that your subjects are on time because most newspaper staff photographers have to maintain a very tight schedule. The staff photographer is a professional; however, do some prior planning of possible photos so as to conserve his time.

E Radio Publicity  
1. Many radio stations allocate a number of "spot announcements" to "public service". These "spots" range from 10 seconds to 30 seconds. (A 30-second "spot" consists of 50 words, or less.) It is therefore essential to concentrate on the WHAT of your message and how you can best put your message across.  
2. Send a brief, succinct announcement to the Public Service Director of the station. Do include the W's (WHO, WHAT, WHEN, WHERE, WHY).  
3. Make use of other on-air time available. This may include such programs as special interviews, panel discussions, announcements by on-the-air personalities such as disc jockeys and directors of women's features.

F Television Publicity  
1. Many stations present short interviews with members of local, non-profit organizations. Call the program director, and ask if program time can be made available to your group.  
2. When time is assigned to you:  
3. Select an outgoing, enthusiastic, well-versed-on-the-subject person to be interviewed.  
4. Check with TV interviewer regarding time of arrival and fact sheets.  
5. Television stations may also allocate time for public service announcements (PSA's). Visit the station; find out their requirements and regulations.  
6. Time copy at a slower pace than for radio. Standard announcements for television run 20 seconds for about 35 words.

G General for all media  
Take time to write a few lines of appreciation to persons who give your group valuable publicity. It will be appreciated more than you realize.

APPENDIX

PMT  
NM  
Professional Music Teachers of New Mexico, Inc.  
(formerly New Mexico Music Teachers Association)  
Affiliated with Music Teachers National Association  
Rate Information  
(Contact Advertising Manager for current rates.)

PMTNM NEWS: Published in January, May and September; 12-16 pages per issue. Circulation: 200 teachers, schools, and music dealers. Includes your camera ready ad, plus a listing of activities at your store/institution in the "Coming Events" section (copy deadline: August 15, December 15, and April 15).  
Rates: Full page 7 1/2"W x 9 1/2"L $140 (3 issues)  
Half page 7 1/2"W x 4 3/4"L $75 (3 issues)  
Fourth page 3 1/2"W x 4 3/4"L $46 (3 issues)  
Business Card 3 1/2"W x 2"L $32 (3 issues)  
DEADLINE:

CONVENTION PROGRAM: Published annually for state convention. It is the official schedule for all convention activities and is given to all members in attendance.  
Rates: Full page 3 1/2"W x 8 1/2"L $92  
Half page 3 1/2"W x 4 1/4"L $57  
Fourth page 3 1/2"W x 2"L $37  
DEADLINE:

EXHIBIT TABLE AT STATE CONVENTION: Adequate space is provided in a convenient area and participants are encouraged to visit the exhibits. Please fill out exhibitor contract.  
Rate: Sales Exhibit: $32 per table  
DEADLINE: August 15, current year.

MAILING LABELS: Complete membership, pressure sensitive, zip sorted. $32 per set

Best Buys  
PACKAGE A: PMTNM NEWS - full page (3 issues) $140.00  
Convention Program - full page $92.00  
Sales Exhibit - per table $32.00  
Sub-total $264.00  
Discount -$25.00  
TOTAL $239.00

PACKAGE B: PMTNM NEWS - half page (3 issues) $75.00  
Convention Program - half page $57.00  
Sales Exhibit - per table $32.00  
Sub-total $164.00  
Discount -$16.00  
TOTAL $148.00

PACKAGE C: PMTNM NEWS - fourth page (3 issues) $46.00  
Convention Program - fourth page $37.00  
Sales Exhibit - per table $32.00  
Sub-total $115.00  
Discount -$11.00

PMTNM General Auditions (PEP) Music Guide  
Maribeth Gunning, General Auditions Chairman - Compiled in 1976  
The purpose of this guide is twofold: to help teachers determine which level of PEP Auditions to have their students enter and to facilitate the choice of well-balanced repertoire for various grade levels. Grading is an individual matter and varies with each student. Often a student may be studying pieces in 2 or 3 different levels. Since a piece which is difficult for one student may be easy for another, teachers may disagree with the indicated level of difficulty.  
1. All music must be original piano music with the exception of folk tune arrangements. Avoid all simplifications or arrangements of masterworks.  
2. Beginning with Level 4, music from at least three style periods should be prepared. One movement from a sonatina or a sonata is desirable.  
3. See the Scale Contest Requirement Sheet in the PMTNM Handbook for preparation of scales, chords, and arpeggios.  
LEVEL 1  
Clark - Music Tree, Parts A or B - Summy  
Frost - Teaching Little Finger to Play at the Piano (One): Beginning at the Piano: Where Playing Fingers Begin: Very First Piano Solos  
Garrow - Let’s Play Every Day - Schroeder and Guenther  
Gillock - Accent on Solos 1  
Glover - The Piano Student, Piano Repertoire, Primer and Level I  
Last - At the Keyboard (One); Tunes at the Keyboard; Fun Fair, Indoor Tunes: Out of Doors  
Nevin - Piano Course (One) - Mills  
Noona - Mainstreams (One)  
Olson - Our Small World; Near the Beginning  
Olson, et al - Music Pathways - 1B, 1C - Fischer  
Pace - Music for Piano (One) - Roberts  
Palmer - Creating Music - Book 1  
Podolsky - Guild Repertoire, Elementary A  
Smisor and Bastien - Music Through the Piano (One)  
Stecher, Horowitz, Gordon - Learning to Play; Playing to Learn, Book 1 & 2  
Any other reliable series for teaching  
Scales, chords, and arpeggios - Pre-Elementary  
LEVEL 2  
Clark - Music Tree C, Piano Literature One; Contemporary Literature One - Examples: Kabalevsky - Op. 39 - Marching (#3), Song (#1), Dance (#9), Polka (#2), Running Along (#6)  
Frost - Companion Book (One); 20th Century Piano Music 1A  
George - Solos for Students, Set Two  
George - Student Choice I - Summy  
Gillock - Piano Course Two; Young Pianists' First Big Note Solos; Accent on Solos II  
Kraehenbuehl - Jazz and Blues 1 - Summy  
Last - Cates; My Holiday  
McGraw - Trip to a Faraway Place - C. Fischer  
Olson - Menagerie: Further Along  
Olson, et al - Music Pathways 2A, 2B  
Scher - Patterns I  
Schonthal - Minuscules - C. Fischer  
Solo Book I (Zeitlin-Goldberger) - Consolidated - Examples: Bartok (First Term) - Dialogue (#3), Folk Dance (#5), Round Dance (#6)  
Gurlitt - The Chase  
Kabalevsky - Op. 39 - In Unison (#8), Conversation (#7)  
Turk - Carefree  
Other series - one book above previous level  
Scales, chords, and arpeggios - Pre-Elementary or Early Elem.  
LEVEL 3  
Agay - Bach to Beethoven - 1A - Example:  
Beethoven - German Dance in G  
Haydn - Country Dance in D  
Turk - Happy Moments, A Bit of Sadness  
Bartok - For Children Vol. 1 - #1, #3, #4, #6  
For Children Vol. II - #1, #2, #10  
Bull - From Here to There  
Clark - Contemporary Literature Two - Examples: Bartok (First Term) - Folk Songs #7, #10  
Kabalevsky - Op. 39; #12 Little Joke, #15 Galloping  
Shostakovitch - Six Children’s Pieces; #1 March, #2 Waltz  
Diller-Quaile - Second Solo Book - Examples: Bach: Minuet in G, Minuet in g  
Mozart - Minuet in F (K2), Allegro in B-flat (K3)  
Gillock - Accent on Solos III  
Handel - The Easiest Piano Pieces - Presser - Examples: Minuets in F, G, D, and a Passepied in C  
Olson, et al - Music Pathways 3A Repertoire - Examples: Bach - Bouree in F  
Beethoven - Russian Folk Song, Op. 107 #3  
Rebikov - The Bear  
Turk - Arioso, Hunting Horns  
Palmer - First Sonatina Book - Examples: Beethoven - Sonatina in G  
Latour - Sonatina in C  
Wanhal - Sonatina in F  
Rowley - Four Little Inventions - Boosey-Hawkes  
The Solo Book, Vol. 2 - Zeitlin-Goldberger  
Tansman - Happy Time, Vol. 1 - MCA  
Scales, chords, and arpeggios - Early Elementary  
LEVEL 4  
Agay - Bach to Bartok, 1B - Examples: Bach - Musette in D  
Handel - Bouree  
Kabalevsky - Op. 39 #13, Waltz  
Mozart - Angloise (Notebook for Wolfgang)  
Schumann - Melody  
Tschaikowsky - Italian Song Op. 39  
Bartok - For Children - Vol. 1 - #15, 17, 26, 36  
For Children - Vol. 2 - #3, 7  
Bastien - Piano Literature - Kjos - Examples: Beethoven - Ecossaise in G  
Kabalevsky - Quick March, Op. 39  
Schumann - Merry Farmer, Wild Horseman, Soldier’s March  
Burgmuller - 25 Easy Studies, Op. 100 - Examples: Ballade, Arabesque  
Clark - Piano Literature Three - Examples: Bach - March in D, Minuet in G  
Clementi - Sonatina in C, Op. 36 #1  
Schumann - First Loss, Op. 68 #16  
Tschaikowsky - Dolls Burial, Op. 39  
Dello Joio - Suite for the Young  
Gillock - Analytical Sonatinas - Willis  
Gretchaninoff - Glass Beads, Op. 123, #2, #4, #6, #10  
Handel - 20 Little Dances - Schott  
Haydn - German Dances  
L. Mozart - Notebook for Wolfgang - Examples: Entrée, Bouree in e minor  
Rowley - Old English Worthies; Early English Sonatines - Attwood, Camidge, Duncombe, Wilton  
Rebikov - Playing Soldiers  
Siegmeister - American Kaleidoscope - Fox  
Tansman - Pour les Enfants - Set 1 & 2  
Scales, chords, and arpeggios - Early or Late Elementary  
LEVEL 5  
Agay - Bach to Bartok - 1C - Examples: Bach - Bouree in e  
Mozart - Polonaise (Viennese Sonatina #5)  
Scarlatti - Aria (Sonata in D, L423)  
Agay - Solo Pieces of Today - 78 Examples: Gretchaninoff - Op. 98 - Hunting in the Woods (#6)  
Woodpecker (#12), Op. 123 #1 - Morning Walk  
Kabalevsky - Waltz intermezzo, Op. 39 #23  
Khachaturian - Song without Words (Adventures of Ivan)  
Bartok - For Children I - #12, #27, #31, #32, #35, #37, #38  
For Children II - #18  
Mikrokosmos III - Variations, Merriment  
Bastien - Piano Literature II - Examples: Bach - Minuet in d, Polonaise in g (either)  
Beethoven - Sonatina in F  
Kabalevsky - Variations. Op. 51 #1  
Schumann - Hunting Song, Op. 68 #7  
Creston - Five Little Dances  
Gillock - Sonatina in Classic Style  
Gretchaninoff - Glass Beads Op. 123 #5, 8, 9  
Kabalevsky - Op. 27 - Novelettes, Fairy Tale, Toccatina, etc.  
Variations, Op. 51 #2 & #3  
Mozart - The Young Mozart - Schott  
Rowley - Early English Sonatina - Hook, Jones: Sonatine - Seasons Op. 40 #1 & #2  
Schonthal - Miniatures 2 - Shawnee  
Satie - Gymnopedies  
Sonatinen Album 1 - Peters - Examples: Bach - Prelude in C (WTC I) -- Clementi - Op. 36 #2  
Haydn - Allegro Scherzando in F (12 Easy Pieces)  
Kuhlau - Op. 55 #1  
Tschaikowsky - March of the Tin Soldiers, Sweet Dreams Op. 37

Scales, chords, & arpeggios - Late Elementary

LEVEL 6

Bach - Little Preludes - #3 in c, #8 in F, #2 in C. Bartok - Evening in the Country (10 Pieces). Beethoven - Kleine Tanz - Schott. Eccossaisen un Deutsche Tanze - Peters. Bloch - Enfantines - Joyous March, Melody, Pastorale, Rainy Day, Teasing, Dream. Gretchaninoff - Children's Album, Op. 98. Grieg - Op. 12 #2, #3, #7, #8. Haydn - Six Sonatina #2 & #3 AMP. Heller - Studies. Kabalevsky - Op. 27 Etude, Sonatina in a. Variations Op. 51 #4 & #5. Khatchaturian - Ivan is Busy. Kuhlau - Sonatina, Op. 55 #2. Palmer - Baroque Folk. Pinto - Memories of Childhood - March, Little Soldier, Ring Around the Rosy: Children's Festival - Playing Marbles. Prokofieff - Op. 65 - Promenade, Tarantella. Scarlatti - Introduction (Halford) Alfred. Sonatas in G L83 & L79; Sonatas in d - L 211, L57, L106. Schumann - Album for the Young, Op. 68 #6, #11, #12, #18, #19, #23. Tschaikowsky - Album for the Young, Op. 29 - #1, #10, #11, #14.

Scales, chords, and arpeggios - Early intermediate

LEVEL 7

CPE Bach - Solfigietto. Bach - Little Preludes - #3 & #7 in d, #2 in c, #7 in e. Bernstein - Birds. Beethoven - Introduction (Palmer) - Menuet in C & D; Sonata in G, Op. 49 #2. Casella - Children's Pieces - AMP. Chopin - Preludes #6 & #7. Clementi - Op. 36 #3. Dello Joio - Lyric Pieces for the Young. Grieg - Op. 38 #7; Op. 71 #3. Handel - Courante in F (12 Easy Pieces). Haydn - Sonatina Op. 55 #3. Mendelssohn - Pieces for Children Op. 72. Scarlatti - Sonata in G, L84; B-flat, L97. Sonata in A, L 94 (12 Easy Sonatas - Mirovitch). Schubert - Waltzes, Op. 9a & 9b. Schumann - Scenes from Childhood, Op. 15 #1, #2, #13, Op. 68 #41, Norse Song. Starer - Sketches in Color.

Scales, chords, and arpeggios - Early Intermediate

LEVEL 8

Agay - Sonatina #3. Bach - Two-Part Inventions #1, #4, #8, #9, #13. Bartok - Rumanian Folk Dance #6. Beethoven - Bagatelles Op. 119 #1, #2, #13; Variations on a Swiss Song, Sonata in g, Op. 49 #1. Chopin - Largo in E-flat (Posth.); Mazurkas Op. 7 #1 & #2. Op. 24 #1 & #2; Op. 67 #2 & #4; Op. 68 #3; Nocturne Op. 15 #3; Prelude #4 & #20; Waltzes Op. 69 #2; a minor (Posth.). Clementi - Sonatina Op. 36 #4. Grieg - Norwegian Dance Op. 38 #4; Notturno Op. 54 #4, Papillion, Op. 43 #1. Ibert - A Little White Donkey. Kabalevsky - Variation Op. 40 #1; Sonatina Op. 13 #1. Mendelssohn - Songs Without Words Op. 62 #3. Mozart - Sonata in C, K545. Schubert - German Dances, Op. 33; Valses Sentimentales, Op. 50. Schumann - Album Leaves, Op. 124 #4 & #6. Album for the Young, Op. 68 #29. Scenes from Childhood, Op. 15 #6 & #12.

Scales, Chords, and arpeggios - Late Intermediate or Early Inter.

LEVEL 9

Bach - Two-Part Invention #14 in B-flat. Bartok - Sonatine. Beethoven - Sonata Op. 14 #1; Bagatelles, Op. 33; Variations on "Quanto e piu bello..". Brahms - Waltzes Op. 39 #3, #5, #9, #11, #12, #15. Chopin - Mazurkas, Op. 24 #3; Op. 33 #3; Op. 63 #2; Op. 67 #2; Preludes Op. 28 #9 & #15; Waltzes Op. 64 #1; Op. 70 #2. Copland - The Cat and Mouse. Debussy - Jimbo's Lullaby & The Little Shepherd (Children's Corner). Dello Joio - Diversion - Caccia, Gige. Galles - Sonata in C (Portuguese & Spanish Music - Summy). Ginastera - 12 American Preludes - Vol. 1 Creole Dance, Tribute to Roberto Garcia, Rondo on Argentine Children's Folk Tunes. Grieg - To Spring, Op. 43 #6; March of the Dwarfs Op. 54 #3. Handel - Aylesford Pieces (Schott) - #1, #7, #8, #11, #17, #20. Hanson - Clog Dance. Haydn - Sonatas in D #9; in G #11. Kabalevsky - Preludes Op. 38 #8, #12, #20, #23. Khachaturian - Sonatina (1959). Mendelssohn - Songs without Words - Op. 62 #1; Op. 102 #3. Mozart - Fantasy in d, K397. Pinto - Run, Run from Memories of Childhood. Poulenc - Villageoises. Schubert - Moments Musicaux Op. 94 #2 & #6; Scherzo in B-flat #1. Soler - Sonata in d (Portuguese and Spanish Music - Summy).

Scales, chords, and arpeggios - Late Intermediate

LEVEL 10

Bach - Two-Part Invention #10; Prelude (WTC I) in a #20; (WTC II) #7 in E-flat; Prelude & Fugue (WTCI) #2 in c; #5 in D. Bartok - Bear Dance; Rondo #1 from Three Rondos on Folk Tunes. Beethoven - Sonata op. 2 #1, Op. 10 #1; Rondo in C, Op. 51 #1. Variations on a Original Theme; Variations on "Nel cor Plu". Brahms - Waltzes, Op. 19 #1, #2, #4, #7. Chopin - Mazurka Op. 7 #3; Op. 33 #4; Nocturnes Op. 9 #2; Ор. 32 #1. Op. 55 #1; c minor (Posth.); Waltzes Op. 34 #2, Op. 64 #2; Ор. 69 #1. Debussy - Serenade for the Doll, Golliwogg's Cakewalk. Preludes - Minstrels, Girl with the Flaxen Hair. Des pas sur la neige; Pour le piano - Sarabande. Haydn - Sonatas in C #5; in D #17; in E #17; in A #26. Mozart - Sonata in G, K283. Portuguese and Spanish Keyboard Music - Albeniz - Sonata in D, Soler - Sonatas in a and D. Schubert - Impromptus Op. 94 #2 & #3, Op. 142 #2, Op. 90 #3 & #4. Schumann - Bird as Prophet Op. 82 #7; Fantastic Pleces Op. 12 #1 & #3. Scott - Lotus Land. Shostakovitch - 3 Fantastic Dances Op. 1. Tansman - Four Impressions (Leeds). Taurielio - Toccata. Tcherepnin - Bagatelles Op. 5. Villa-Lobos 0 Polichinelle (Baby's Family I).

Scales, chords, and arpeggios - Late Intermediate or Advanced

LEVEL 11

Bach - French Suite #2 & #5; Preludes and Fugues (WTC I) #6 in d, #11 in F, #16 in g; #21 in B-flat - Preludes #15 in G, #17 in A-flat; Prelude (WTC II) # 15 in G; #20 in a. Bartok - Bear Dance; Mikrokosmos - Dances in Bulgarian Rhythm #6. Beethoven - Op. 13. Brahms - Waltz Op. 29 #6, #8, #10, #13, #16; Intermezzo Op. 117 #2; Op. 47. Chopin - Mazurka Op. 24 #4, Op. 33 #2; Nocturne, Op. 9 #1, Op. 27 #1, Op. 72 #1; Waltzes Op. 70 #1; e minor (Posth.) Op. 34 #1, Op. 42. Debussy - Arabesque #1 & #2; Nocturne in D-flat; Snow is Dancing, Dr. Gradus ad Parnassum (Children's Corner) Preludes II Bruyeres. Griffes - The Lake at Evening. Handel - Harmonious Blacksmith Variations. Haydn - Sonata in f #20. Khachaturian - Toccata. Mozart - Sonata in B-flat, K570; in F, K280; in E-flat, K282; in C, K 330; Rondos in D, K485 and in F, K494. Poulenc - Mouvements Perpetuals, Novellete in C. Prokofieff - Prelude Op. 12 #7. Rachmaninoff - Elegy Op. 3 #1. Scarlatti - Sonata in d, L413. Schubert - Impromptus Op. 90 #2 & #4. Schumann - Arabesque, Op. 18. Scott - Danse Negre.

Scales, chords, and arpeggios - Advanced

LEVEL 12

Bach - Partita #1 in B-flat: Fantasia in c: French Suite #6 in E. Bartok - Suite Op. 14 #3. Beethoven - Sonata Op. 10 #3; Variation on "Une fievre brulante". Intermezzo Op. 116 #4 & #6; Op. 118 #2 & #6; Op. 117 #1. Capriccio Op. 116 #3. Chopin - Nocturne Op. 27 #1 & #2; Op. 37 #2; Op. 15 #1. Etudes Op. 10 #3 & #5; Op. 25 #9. Preludes #1, #12, #16, #17, #22. Polonaises Op. 26 #1; Op. 40 #1 & #2. Debussy - Preludes (1) Danseuses de Delphes, Serenade interrompue; La Cathedrale Engloulie; Les Collines D'Anacapri. Pour le Piano - Prelude. Dohnanyi - Rhapsody Op. 11 #3; Capriccio Op. 2 #4. Faure - Impromptu #11. Kabalevsky - Sonatina #3; Prelude Op. 38 #24. Mozart - Sonatas K 309, K310, K331, K332, K311; Rondo in a, K511, Adagio, K540; Fantasy #4, K475. Schubert - Moments Musicaux Op. 94 #4; Impromptu Op. 142 #3 & #4. Schumann - Novelette Op. 21 #1; Fantasy Pieces, Op. 12 #2 &#4. Toch - The Juggler. Scales, chords, and arpeggios - Advanced

Professional Music Teachers of New Mexico (PMTNM)  
Scale performance guidelines - 1990 Revision - Chart by Rebecca Peterman

| LEVEL | KEYS/TEMPO | SCALES | CHORDS & CADENCES | ARPEGGIOS |  
|---|---|---|---|---|   
| Pre-elementary | CDEFGA Major & minor Quarter note = 76 | 5-finger position Hands together Up and down | Major & minor Tonic triads hands together | Major & minor tonic triads, broken, root position, hand over hand, two octaves, up only |  
| Early elementary I | CDEFGAB Major Quarter note=76 | One octave, quarter notes hands separately up and down | Major-minor-major tonic triads hands separately | Major only, hand over hand, two octaves up and down |  
| Early elementary II | CDEFGAB Major & parallel harmonic minor Quarter note=76 | Two octaves, quarter notes hands separately | Major & minor cadences I-V (or V7)-1 root position hands separately | Major and parallel minor hand over hand 3 octaves, up and down |  
| Late elementary | All major scales CGDAEBF, F#(Gb) C#(Db) Harmonic minor scales CGDAEBF Quarter note = 76 | One octave, quarter notes, two octaves- eighth notes hands separately | Major and minor cadences, I-V-(or V7)-1, root position in all given keys, hands separately | Major & minor tonic triads root position, one octave in quarter notes, two octaves in eighths, with thumb turns, hands separately |  
| Early intermediate | All scales as in late elementary Quarter note=76 | One octave quarter notes, two octaves in eighth notes Major scales, hands together, minor, hands separately | Major and minor cadences, I-IV-I-V (or V 7)-1, root position. Hands together for major, hands separately for minor. | Major & minor tonic triads root position, one octave in qüarters, two octaves in eighths, Major, hands together, minor, hands separately |  
| Late intermediate | All Major and harmonic minor scales. Quarter note=84 | Two octaves in eighth notes, 3 octaves in triplet eighth notes, hands together, parallel motion | Major and minor cadences, I-IV-I-V (orV7)-1, root position and first inversion, hands together. Octaves may be used in L.H. | Major, minor, and V7 arpeggios, root position, two octaves in eighth notes, three octaves in triplet eighth notes, hands together, parallel motion. |  
| Advanced I | All major, harmonic minor, and melodic minor scales. Quarter note = 84 | 2 octaves in eighths, 3 octaves in triplet eighths, 4 octaves in sixteenths, parallel motion all scales hands together | Major & minor cadences I-IV-I-V7-I, in root position, first inversion, and second inversion. Hands together. Octaves may be used in the L.H. | Major and minor tonic triads, in root position, first inversion, and second inversion. V7 in root position only. Two octaves in eighths, 3 octaves in triplet eighths, 4 octaves in sixteenths. Hands together. Parallel motion. |  
| Advanced II | All Major, natural minor, and harmonic minor scales. Quarter note= 84 | 2 octaves in eighths, 3 octaves in triplet eighths hands together, contrary motion | Major and minor cadences I-IV-I-V7-1, root, first inversion and second inversion. Octaves may be used in LH. | Major & minor tonic triads, root position, contrary motion. V7 arpeggios in root position and all inversions played in parallel motion. 2 octaves in eighths, 3 octaves in triplet eighths, hands together. |

Suggested Vocal Materials for Honors Auditions Preparation  
(Accepted at Convention 11/98)

| Title | Editor | Publisher | Voice Type |  
|---|---|---|---|   
| The Singer's Basic Repertoire | Ed. Ottman | Southern Music Pub. | High and Low |  
| Pathway of Song (Bk. I, II, III and IV) | | | Volumes for all voices |  
| The Young Singer | Ed. Joan Boytim | RD Row Pub. | Volumes for all voices |  
| First Book of Solos | | Hal Leonard | Med. High/Med. Low |  
| 24 Italian Songs and Arias | | G. Schirmer | Med. High/Med. Low |  
| 26 Italian Songs and Arias | Ed. John G. Paton | Alfred Music | High/Med./Low |  
| Italian Arias of the Baroque & Classical Eras | Ed. John G. Paton | Alfred Music |  |  
| French Bergerettes | Ed. Weckerlin | Alfred Music | High/Low |  
| Classic Songs | Ed. Bernard Taylor | Boosey & Hawkes | Soprano/Mezzo/etc. |  
| The Arnold Book of Old English Songs | | Boosey & Hawkes | High/Low |  
| Imperial Edition | | | |  
| Songs by 22 Americans | Ed. Bernard Taylor | G Schirmer/Leonard | High/Low |  
| Songs Through the Centuries | Ed. Bernard Baylor | Carl Fischer | |  
| Vivaldi: Five Songs for Low Voice | | RD Row Pub. | |  
| Scarlatti: Four Songs for High Voice | Ed. John Moriarity | RD Row Pub. | |  
| Kids Broadway Song Book | | Hal Leonard | |  
| Popular Solos for young singers (primarily from musicals such as Mary Poppins) | | Hal Leonard | |  
| Teens Musical Theater Collection | Ed. Louise Lerch | Hal Leonard | Young Men/Young Women |

THE END

PMTNM HANDBOOK: SECTION II – CODE OF ETHICS

04/2014

*Code of Ethics

Vision and Values

The mission of Professional Music Teachers of New Mexico (PMTNM) is to advance the value of music study and music making in society and to support the professionalism of music teachers.

The mission is accomplished by members who teach with competence, act with integrity, volunteer services to PMTNM programs, provide professional support for colleagues and communities, and comply with all laws and regulations that impact the music teaching profession.

Code of Ethics

The principles and aspirations found in the Code of Ethics are not conditions of membership, but are goals and ideals that each PMTNM member should strive to make an essential part of his or her professional commitment to students, to colleagues and to society.

Commitment to Students

The teacher shall conduct the relationship with students and families in a professional manner.

• The teacher shall respect the personal integrity and privacy of students unless the law requires disclosure.  
• The teacher shall clearly communicate the expectations of the studio.  
• The teacher shall encourage, guide and develop the musical potential of each student.  
• The teacher shall treat each student with dignity and respect, without discrimination of any kind.  
• The teacher shall respect the student’s right to obtain instruction from the teacher of his or her choice.

Commitment to Colleagues

The teacher shall maintain a professional attitude and shall act with integrity with regard to colleagues in the profession.

• The teacher shall respect the reputation of colleagues and shall refrain from making false or malicious statements about colleagues.  
• The teacher shall refrain from disclosing sensitive information about colleagues obtained in the course of professional service unless disclosure serves a compelling professional purpose or is required by law.  
• The teacher shall participate in the student’s change of teachers with as much communication as possible between parties, while being sensitive to the privacy rights of the student and families.

Commitment to Society

The teacher shall maintain the highest standard of professional conduct and personal integrity.

• The teacher shall accurately represent his/her professional qualifications.  
• The teacher shall strive for continued growth in professional competencies.  
• The teacher is encouraged to be a resource in the community.

1

PMTNM HANDBOOK: SECTION X – COMPOSER COMMISSIONING PROGRAM 04/2014

❖ MTNA/PMTNM Composition Commissioning Program

A. The Music Teachers National Association will pay one-half of the commission, up to a set amount. The minimum amount of commission is left to the discretion of the PMTNM.

B. Upon deciding to commission a composition, the State Association will write to National Headquarters requesting the contractual agreement and submit, at the same time, the following information:  
1. The total amount of the commission - State and National.  
2. The name of the composer selected by the State.  
3. The type of composition, if it has been decided.  
4. A tentative deadline for the delivery of the composition.  
5. A projected plan for the first public performance of the composition during the State Conference. (The work must be guaranteed a performance.)

C. The MTNA Executive Secretary will administer the commission and upon its completion will send a check for one-half of the total, or the entire amount, billing the state for their half—whichever the state desires.

D. PMTNM may choose any composer it wishes, although he/she should be a resident of the USA. It is recommended that the composer be a resident of the State or Division.

E. The composer will submit the composition to the Commissioning Chair two months before the State Conference.

F. The composer will arrange for a person or persons to perform the composition during the State Conference. Final arrangements as to time and place of performance are to be worked out with the Commissioning Chair and the Conference Chair.

G. If the composer wishes to participate in the National Competition for the award given to the outstanding "Composer of the Year", then he or she must follow the guidelines set forth by MTNA. All required data is to be sent to the MTNA Executive Secretary.

H. For further information, the Composition Commission Chair should refer to the Duties of Composition Commission Chair, Section VII, page 3.

PMTNM BY-LAWS  
10 November 2008

ARTICLE I - NAME  
The name of this organization shall be Professional Music Teachers of New Mexico, Inc. hereafter known as PMTNM.

ARTICLE II – PURPOSE  
The Association shall be organized and operated exclusively for educational purposes within the meaning of Section 501 (c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1954. All activities of the Association shall be educational and shall be for the promotion of the art of music and the advancement of musical knowledge by disseminating the knowledge of musical activities and the appreciation of music. The Association is not organized for profit and no part of its net earnings shall inure to the benefit of any individual or entity. The specific objective of this permanent organization shall be:  
a. To promote the music teaching profession and its image in society through teacher certification, professional public promotion, and teacher education and training;  
b. To promote students and their talents through the student activities, student auditions, local projects, and school credit and release time;  
c. To promote music in American culture through programs, school credit, scholarship, and composer commissions, and  
d. To exert all possible efforts toward the enrollment of increased numbers of people of all ages in the study of music.

ARTICLE III - MEMBERSHIP  
Section 1 - Membership Classification  
The following membership classes are open to those who meet the respective qualifications and pay the annual dues.  
a. Active Membership shall be open to all individuals professionally engaged in any field of musical activity. Such membership provides the privileges of participation in the activities of the Association, attendance at meetings upon the payment of registration fee, holding office, voting, and receiving a subscription to the American Music Teacher. MTNA strongly encourages its members to adopt the Code of Ethics as their personal model of professional conduct.  
b. Dual (spouse) - member pays full price and spouse pays half of that.  
c. Senior Membership shall be open to members 70 years of age with the last 5 years of consecutive membership.  
d. Six month membership shall be open to all individuals who join after January 1.  
e. Collegiate Membership shall be open to all full-time college students currently involved in music study, who are also members of an affiliated association. Student members shall be entitled to attend programs of the Association upon payment of the registration fee and to receive the official Association publication, but shall not have the right to vote, hold office, apply for national certification, or enter students into MTNA competitions.  
f. Honorary Life Membership is conferred by the Board of Directors upon individuals who have given distinguished service to PMTNM or to the art of music. Honorary Life members pay no state dues but pay their national dues. Honorary Life members qualifying for Active Membership have the rights and privileges of such membership.

Section 2 - Termination of Membership  
No person who has been convicted of a crime involving the sexual or other abuse of a person shall be a member of PMTNM. Any information that a member of PMTNM has been convicted of a crime involving sexual or other abuse of a person shall be reported to the President of PMTNM, who shall immediately report the information to the National Executive Director and CEO of MTNA. If the National Executive Director and CEO of MTNA and PMTNM President substantiate that a person has been convicted of a crime involving sexual or other abuse of a person, the two executives shall immediately terminate the membership and the certification of that person. Any membership terminated under this section shall be reinstated upon the filing with the National Executive Director and CEO of MTNA of a certified copy of the judgment reversing the conviction.

# Section 3. Resignations  

Section 3. Resignations  
A member in good standing may resign from the Association by submitting a letter of resignation to the MTNA office. No dues refund will be given.

Section 4. Reinstatement  
A member who resigned in good standing or who allowed annual dues to lapse may reactivate his or her membership by requesting such action and paying the current dues. If continuous membership is desired, the member must pay all dues accruing from the time of non-renewal through the current year.

Section 5. Annual Dues  
Annual dues for PMTNM/MTNA members are due on the first day of the membership year, as established by MTNA, after which date members are not in good standing nor entitled to any of the privileges of membership until dues are paid for the current membership year. State dues are prorated (half price) for new members who join the Association between Jan. 1 and June 30.

Section 6. Membership Year and Fiscal Year  
The fiscal year and the membership year for all membership categories except that of student shall commence on July 1 and end on June 30, as required by the MTNA Bylaws. The Collegiate membership year shall be October 1 to September 30.

ARTICLE IV. AFFILIATION

Section 1. Professional Music Teachers of New Mexico, Inc. (PMTNM) shall maintain affiliation with Music Teachers National Association, Inc. (MTNA), and shall operate in accord with the aims and purposes of the national association.

Section 2. Affiliated local associations.  
An affiliated local association shall include "Music Teachers National Association" as part of its official name and shall use the phrase "Affiliated with the Professional Music Teachers of New Mexico, Inc."

Section 3. Affiliation Requirements.  
Any city, town, or district music teachers association may petition to the Executive Committee for affiliation in PMTNM by providing evidence that two copies of the Local Association's governing documents have been filed with the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer and that they are consistent with those of PMTNM, and that its fiscal membership year coincides with that of PMTNM. Upon determining that a petitioning local music teachers association has fulfilled the requirements, the Executive Committee shall act upon the petition and approval will not be unreasonably withheld. All members of a Local Association must be members of both PMTNM and MTNA.

Section 4. Annual renewal  
Annual renewal of a Local Association shall be made without reconsideration by PMTNM provided that the affiliate has not formally notified PMTNM that it wishes to discontinue affiliation and that any changes in the Bylaws of the affiliated Local Association have been filed with PMTNM and are consistent with Bylaws of PMTNM and have been approved by PMTNM.

ARTICLE V. OFFICERS

Section 1. Officers and Duties  
The elected officers of the Association shall be a President, Vice President, Certification Chair and Vice-President representing each District.  
a. The President shall be the principal elective office and presides at meetings of the Association, calls and presides at meetings of the Board of Directors, and appoints all standing and special committees as needed, and performs all other duties implied by the title, including the appointment of a Conference Chairperson as soon as possible after the selection of a conference site, and a Budget Committee (Refer to Article IX) to prepare a budget for the following year. He/she shall represent the Association at the MTNA Conference.  
b. The Vice President assumes all the duties of the President in the absence of that officer. The Vice President shall act as the coordinating officer to the six District Vice Presidents in promotion of membership. The current Vice President shall work as an understudy to succeed the President and shall be a member of the Budget Committee.

c. The six District Vice Presidents shall act as members of a statewide membership committee and otherwise assist in the conduct of their respective district organizations. Each one is eligible to serve on committees as appointed by the President and perform other duties as delegated.   
d. Certification Chair shall promote the Certification program within the state.   
e. The Immediate Past President shall serve as an advisor to the President, serve on the Budget Committee, chair the Nominating Committee, and perform other duties as delegated.

Section 2. The Executive Secretary-Treasurer  
The Executive Secretary-Treasurer shall be appointed by the Executive Committee for a two-year term, and may be eligible for reappointment.  
a. The Executive Secretary-Treasurer shall preside in the absence of the President and Vice President and shall be the custodian of all funds of the organization, shall keep an accurate record of members for the Roster, is responsible for the payment of all bills, for keeping an itemized account of all receipts and disbursements, and for the preparation of an annual report to the Conference.  
b. The Executive Secretary-Treasurer shall be responsible for working with a CPA in the preparation of the annual report to the membership, filing of all returns with IRS, NM Taxation and Revenue Department, the NM State Corporation Commission, and any other government entity.  
c. The Executive Secretary-Treasurer shall be responsible for keeping minutes of all business meetings of the Association and meetings of the Executive Committee and Board of Directors, sends copies of the minutes of the meetings to the members within 60 days after the meetings, and sees that those minutes are in legal form and properly preserved in a permanent Minute Book, and such other duties as are assigned by the Board of Directors.

Section 3. Archivist  
The President appoints an Archivist, with the approval of the Executive Board, to serve until a successor is named. The Archivist is an ex-officio member of the Executive Board. Duties of the Archivist are to collect and keep in secure place all items of historical interest to the Association, including programs, pertinent newspaper and magazine articles, photographs and correspondence.

ARTICLE VI. NOMINATIONS AND ELECTIONS  
Section 1. Nominating Committee  
A Nominating Committee shall be appointed by the President. The committee shall consist of the Immediate Past President who shall serve as chair and two members-at-large.

Section 2. Slate of Nominees  
a. Officers to be elected are President, Vice President, six District Vice Presidents and Certification Chair. All officers shall be elected annually and may be eligible for re-election for a second one year term, and for subsequent one year terms.  
b. This committee shall prepare a roster of candidates at least 30 days prior to the opening date of the annual conference, and it shall be presented to the Executive Secretary-Treasurer 15 days prior to the annual conference. The report of the Nominating Committee together with any other nominations made from the floor shall be submitted at the Conference business meeting for vote by the membership. The newly elected officers shall be installed at the Conference business meeting. Outgoing officers have 60 days after the election to bring any files, records, etc. pertaining to his/her office up-to-date before turning over such data to the successor.

Section 3. Election  
Officers shall be elected by majority vote, in a secret ballot, of members attending the Conference meeting. In the event of only one nominee for an office, a member may recommend election by acclamation.

Section 4. Vacancies  
Except for a vacancy in the office of President which is automatically filled by the Vice-President, a vacancy may be filled by a written ballot circulated to the membership by means of the Newsletter with a name (or names) submitted by the current Nominating Committee. Ballots should be returned to the chairman of the Nominating Committee by a specified date. If time does not permit this procedure before summer vacations, the President may appoint an officer pro tem to assume the duties of the office until the

next regular conference. Should the elected Vice-President be unable to assume the Presidency, the President shall be elected, for that term only, in the same manner as that of the other officers.

Section 5. One position  
No officer may hold a national, division, or state office concurrently, except the Immediate Past President.

ARTICLE VII. GOVERNANCE

Section 1. Executive Committee  
The Executive Committee shall consist of the officers: President, Vice President, Executive Secretary-Treasurer, six District Vice Presidents, and Certification Chair.  
a. The Executive Committee shall determine policies of the Association in consultation with the PMTNM Board of Directors and within the limits of the Bylaws. It shall actively pursue the purposes of the Association and shall have discretion in the disbursement of all funds of the Association. It shall employ the service of a C.P.A. It may adopt such rules and regulations for the conduct of Association business as shall be deemed advisable and may, in the execution of the powers granted, appoint such agents as it may consider necessary.  
b. In order to transact business a quorum consisting of one-third of the Executive Committee must be present. Telephone or electronic polling may be used if necessary. The President or Executive Secretary-Treasurer may initiate telephone or electronic polling and the Secretary will record opinions/votes.

Section 2. Board of Directors  
The Board of Directors shall consist of the President as Chairman, the Immediate Past President, Vice President, Executive Secretary-Treasurer, Six District Vice Presidents, Certification Chair, together with the various Student division chairmen, and any state resident member of the MTNA Division or National Board of Directors. The Editor of the PMTNM Newsletter shall be a member of the Board.  
e. The Board may make recommendations to the Executive Committee regarding policy and membership concerns.  
f. The Board shall have the power to rescind by a two-thirds vote any decision of the Executive Committee.  
g. One-third of the members of the Board shall constitute a quorum.

ARTICLE VIII – MEETINGS

Section 1. The Association shall hold an annual conference at a time and place to be determined by the Executive Board. At the general meeting held during this conference, the President shall permit the general membership to bring forward items for consideration. Notice of the Conference shall appear in the Newsletter prior to the Conference.

Section 2. A majority of the members entitled to vote and who are in attendance shall constitute a quorum for the election of officers and for the transaction of business at any annual or special membership meeting.

Section 3. Special meetings of the Executive Committee may be called by the President or upon the request of not less than one-third of the Executive Committee, or upon a signed petition from one-third of the Active members of the Association.

Section 4. The Board of Directors shall meet twice each year, or as many times as necessary to fully conduct the business of the Association. Prior to such meetings the Executive Committee will prepare various items to be presented before the Board of Directors. Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by the President or upon the request of not less than one-third of the members of the Board of Directors or upon a signed petition from one-third of the Active members of the Association.

Section 5. Any member in good standing with a concern about the operation of the PMTNM organization may contact the President and request in writing to have his/her concern put on the next Board of Directors meeting agenda and be invited to speak at the meeting to present his/her concerns to the Board of Directors.

ARTICLE IX - COMMITTEES

# Section 1. The Board of Directors may authorize the appointment by the President of such standing and special committees as represent the well-defined and continuing interest of the Association's membership in all fields.  

Section 1. The Board of Directors may authorize the appointment by the President of such standing and special committees as represent the well-defined and continuing interest of the Association's membership in all fields.  
a. Chairmen of such committees are appointed for terms of one year. Personnel of a standing committee may be changed upon recommendation of the chairman. The President may terminate the chairmanship.  
b. Standing committees are composed of not more than ten members.  
c. The Board of Directors is responsible for continuing or changing the status of all standing committees.

Section 2. Budget Committee - The Executive Secretary-Treasurer shall serve as chair of the Budget Committee, assisted by the President, Immediate Past President, Vice President, and one member-at-large.

Section 3. Nominating Committee - The Immediate Past President shall serve as Chair of the Nominating Committee, along with two members-at-large. The President shall serve as an ex officio member of all committees except the Nominating Committee.

ARTICLE X - PARLIAMENTARY  
Section 1. Parliamentarian  
The President shall appoint a parliamentarian to provide parliamentary opinion during meetings of the Board of Directors and the annual business meeting of the Association.

Section 2. The rules contained in the current edition of Robert's Rules of Order Newly Revised shall govern the Association's meetings in all cases in which they are applicable, and in which they are not inconsistent with the Articles of Incorporation, the Bylaws of the Association and any special rules of order the Association may adopt.

ARTICLE XI - PUBLICATIONS  
The Bylaws shall be printed and included in each member handbook as well as posted on the PMTNM website. Revisions or amendments will be distributed to members as they occur.

ARTICLE XII - INDEMNIFICATION OF OFFICERS  
Any person who is or was made or threatened to be made a party to any legal proceeding by reason of the fact that he or she is or was an officer or chair of the Association, or is or was serving at the request of the Association as an officer or chair or employee of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall be indemnified by the Association to the maximum extent authorized by the New Mexico Nonprofit Corporation Law, as amended.

ARTICLE XIII – NON-PROFIT STATUS  
Section 1. The Association is organized exclusively for charitable and educational purposes, including the making of distributions to organizations that qualify as exempt organizations under Section 501 (c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1954 (or the corresponding provision of any future United States Internal Revenue Law).

Section 2. No part of the net earnings of the Association shall inure to the benefit of, or be distributable to, its members, officers, or other private persons, except that the Association shall be authorized and empowered to pay reasonable compensation for services rendered and to make payments and distributions in furtherance of the purposes set forth in Section 1 hereof. No substantial part of the activities of the Association shall be the carrying on of propaganda, or otherwise attempting to influence legislation, and the Association shall not participate in, or intervene in (including the publishing or distribution of statements) any political campaign on behalf of any candidate for public office. Notwithstanding any other provision of the articles, the Association shall not carry on any other activities not permitted to be carried on (a) by an organization exempt from Federal income tax under Section 501 (c) (3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1954 (or the corresponding provision of any future United States Internal Revenue Law) or (b) by an organization to which contributions are deductible under Section 170- (c)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1954 (or the corresponding provision of any future United States Internal Revenue Law).

Section 3. Upon the dissolution of the Association, the Board of Directors shall, after paying or making provision for the payment of all of the liabilities of the Association, dispose of all of the assets of the Association by donation to the MTNA Foundation, or to another organization or organizations organized and operated exclusively for charitable and educational purposes as shall at the time qualify as an exempt

organization or organizations under Section 501 (c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1954 (or the corresponding provision of any future United States Internal Revenue Law) as the Board of Directors shall determine. Any such assets not so disposed of shall be disposed of by the Court of Common Pleas of the county in which the current President of the Association resides, exclusively for such purposes or to such organization or organizations, as said Court shall determine, which are organized and operated exclusively for such purposes.

Section 4. The Association is a non-profit organization.

Section 5. The recipients of scholarships cannot be related to the members of the selection committee.

ARTICLE XIV – AMENDMENTS

The Association meeting in conference shall have the power to make amendments to this document as necessary, provided any amendment shall have been submitted in writing to the body at least 30 days prior to the vote. A two-thirds vote of Conference attendees must approve any amendment. Upon recommendation of the Executive Committee and Board of Directors, this document may be amended by mail or electronic mail ballot using the same procedures.

PMTNM HANDBOOK: TABLE OF CONTENTS  
04/2014

Section I: Officers and Committee Chairs

Section II: Code of Ethics & Mission Statement

Section III: Current Fee Schedule

Section IV: General Information  
A. Affiliation 1  
B. Conferences 1  
C. Districts 1  
D. Dues 2  
E. Application Forms 2  
F. Publications 2  
G. Scholarship Funds 2-4  
H. Tax and License 4

Section V: Constitution and Bylaws

Section VI: Duties of Officers  
A. General Duties for all Chairs 1  
B. State President 1  
C. State Vice President 2  
D. State Executive Secretary-Treasurer 2  
E. District Vice Presidents 3  
F. Certification Chair 4

Section VII: Duties of Committees and Chairs  
A. General Duties for all Chairs 1  
B. Advertising Manager 1  
C. Archivist 1  
D. Budget Committee 2  
E. College Student Chapters Chair 2

PMTNM HANDBOOK: TABLE OF CONTENTS 04/2014  
F. Composition Commissioning Chair 2  
G. Conference Chair 3-6  
H. Handbook Chair 6  
I. Independent Music Teachers Forum Chair 7  
J. Joyce Walker Student Foundation 7  
K. Local Associations Chair 7  
L. MTNA Performance Competitions Chair 8  
M. Student Composition Contest Chair 8  
N. Nominating Committee 8  
O. State PEP Chair 8  
P. Segue Editor (PMTNM Newsletter) 9  
Q. PMTNM Memorial Outreach Fund Chair 9  
R. Scholarship Chair 9  
S. Student Honors Program Chair 10  
T. PMTNM Webmaster 10  
Section VIII: MTNA Certification 1  
Section IX: Student Activities  
A. Purpose/Student Eligibility 1  
B. Fees 1  
C. Competitive & Non-Competitive Student Programs 1  
D. State Activities 2  
E. Performance Evaluation Program (PEP) 2-7  
F. PMTNM Student Honors Auditions 7-11  
Section X: MTNA/PMTNM Composition Commissioning Program 1  
Section XI: Advertising and Exhibits Policies 1  
Section XII: PMTNM Application Forms

PMTNM HANDBOOK: TABLE OF CONTENTS  
04/2014

Section XIII: PMTNM Teacher of the Year

Section XIV: Publicity and Public Relations Guide

3

PMTNM HANDBOOK: SECTION I – OFFICERS

04/24/14

OFFICERS - 2013-14

President:  
Sharon Kunitz, NCTM  
8309 Cherry Hills Dr. NE  
Albuquerque, NM 87110  
505-821-4901  
SLKunitz@aol.com

Vice President:  
Madeline Williamson  
3250 Trinity Drive, Suite C  
Los Alamos, NM 87544  
505-929-4693  
abiquiumusic@gmail.com

Executive Secretary-Treasurer:  
Jeanne Grealish, NCTM  
1226 Morningside NE  
Albuquerque, NM 87110  
505-265-9333  
figaro1226@gmail.com

Past President:  
Ronald F. Grinage, NCTM  
2126 Calle de Sebastian  
Santa Fe, NM 87505  
505-988-9143  
ronaldgrinage@hotmail.com

District Vice Presidents:

Central:  
Astrid Groth, NCTM  
3546 Sequoia Place NW  
Albuquerque, NM 87107  
505-345-2154  
astridgroth1@mac.com

Northeast I:  
Melissa Toedtman  
23 Camerada Rd.  
Santa Fe, NM 87508  
505-466-3920  
melissatoedtman@juno.com

Northeast II:  
Doris Tankersley  
P. O. Box 1724  
Clovis, NM 88101  
575-762-0265  
tankersley@suddenlink.net

Northwest:  
Heather Nasi, NCTM  
1012 Yei Avenue  
Gallup, NM 87301  
505-863-5039  
hnasi@centurylink.net

Southeast:  
Michele Walton  
607 E. Llano  
Hobbs, NM 88240  
575-393-7407  
walton22@valornet.com

Southwest:  
Patricia A. Hamilton-Brown, NCTM  
P. O. Box 1608  
Silver City, NM 88062  
575-388-4056  
phamiltonbrown@icloud.com

MTNA Competitions:  
General Chair & Young Artist/Chamber Music  
& Junior/Senior Performance Auditions:  
Ronald F. Grinage, NCTM  
2126 Calle de Sebastian  
Santa Fe, NM 87505  
505-988-9143  
ronaldgrinage@hotmail.com

MTNA Student Composition Competition:  
Dr. Ted Vives  
16 Grand Canyon Drive  
Los Alamos, NM 87544  
505-672-2777  
tavives@comcast.net

Committee Chairs:  
Advertising Manager: Open  
Archives: Open

Awareness & Advocacy:  
Ferrell Roberts, NCTM  
2117 Fairfield  
Clovis, NM 88101  
575-763-5307  
robertmusic@plateautel.net

1

PMTNM HANDBOOK: SECTION I – OFFICERS

04/24/14

Certification Chair:  
Linda C. King  
P. O. Box 1450  
Las Vegas, NM 87701  
505-425-6091  
lindaking@pobox.com

College Faculty/Student Chapters:  
Laura Spitzer  
5011 Sun Shadow Pl  
Las Cruces, NM 88011  
575-521-0919  
lspitzer@nmsu.edu

Composer Commissioning:  
Dr. Ted Vives  
16 Grand Canyon Drive  
Los Alamos, NM 87544  
505-672-2777  
tavives@comcast.net

Danfelser & Weed Scholarships:  
Heather Nasi, NCTM  
1012 Yei Avenue  
Gallup, NM 87301  
505-863-5039  
hnasi@centurylink.net

Handbook: Open

Joyce Walker Student Foundation:  
Joyce Walker  
2616 N Northeast Dr.  
Hobbs, NM 88240  
575-392-6877  
joe.walker5@valornet.com

Cindy Walker  
1312 East Silver  
Hobbs, NM 88240  
575-392-4496  
ccwalker40@hotmail.com

MTNA Foundation:  
Madeline Williamson  
3250 Trinity Drive, Suite C  
Los Alamos, NM 87544  
505-929-4693  
abiquiumusic@gmail.com

SEGUE Editor:  
Dianne Brehmer-Bailey  
4608 Allegheny Ct NW  
Albuquerque, NM 87114  
505-890-4466  
heartmus@aol.com

PEP Chair:  
Janna Warren  
2577 Avenida de Isidro  
Santa Fe, NM 87505  
505-310753  
jannadiv@yandex.ru

Student Activities:  
Lauryn Bomse  
506 ½ Adolfo Street  
Santa Fe, NM 87501  
505-699-4683  
laurynbomse@gmail.com

Student Honors - Piano:  
Melissa Toedtman  
23 Camerada Rd.  
Santa Fe, NM 87508  
505-466-3920  
melissatoedtman@juno.com

Student Honors - Non-Piano:  
Jan King  
1903 7th Street  
Alamogordo, NM 88310  
575-439-1214  
jking1214@msn.com

Student Travel Fund:  
Rebecca N. Caron  
HC 71 Box 59-A  
Taos, NM 87571  
575-758-0780  
caronviolins@taosnet.com

Webmaster:  
Madeline Williamson  
3250 Trinity Drive, Suite C  
Los Alamos, NM 87544  
505-929-4693  
abiquiumusic@gmail.com

2

PMTNM HANDBOOK: SECTION III – CURRENT FEE SCHEDULE 04/2014

❖ CERTIFICATION (See Section VIII for Certification information.)  
National (MTNA) Certification Fees: All payment for MTNA Certification may be made online or by check payable to MTNA. Keep a copy of all forms for your personal records. Applications take from six weeks to two months to process.

❖ HANDBOOK  
The handbook is found online at www.pmtnm.net. Revisions and additions are posted online. Teachers are encouraged to visit the website often to keep current.

❖ MAILING ADDRESS LABELS  
A. Labels containing the addresses of current PMTNM members may be purchased from the PMTNM Advertising Manager. See Section I of this Handbook for address.  
B. Cost of 1 set of mailing address labels is $35.00 with payment to be sent Executive Secretary-Treasurer. Make check payable to PMTNM.

❖ MTNA YOUNG ARTIST PERFORMANCE COMPETITIONS (See Section IX)  
A. Rules and registration information is found online at www.mtna.org under the link competitions.  
B. Teacher dues must current.

❖ MTNA JUNIOR/SENIOR PERFORMANCE COMPETITIONS (See Section IX)  
A. Rules and registration information is found online at www.mtna.org.  
B. Teacher dues must current.

❖ STUDENT COMPOSITION CONTEST (See Section IX)  
A. Rules and registration information is found online at www.mtna.org.  
B. Teacher dues must current.

❖ MTNA-PMTNM COMPOSITION COMMISSIONING (See Section X)  
A. The Music Teachers National Association will pay one-half of the commission, up to a set amount.  
B. The administration of the program will be governed by the PMTNM Executive Committee. The actual commissioning of a work will be based by budgetary constraints.

❖ MTNA/PMTNM MEMBERSHIP DUES  
A. All payment for MTNA dues may be made online or by check payable to MTNA. Fiscal year is July 1 to June 30.  
B. New members may join online at www.mtna.org with a major credit card.  
C. Seniors: Effective with the 2001-2002 membership year a discount of 25% on national dues was granted to members 70 years of age and older. One does not have to be a member for five consecutive years to obtain the discount rate.  
D. A student member may email or call National Headquarters to apply.

1

PMTNM HANDBOOK: SECTION III – CURRENT FEE SCHEDULE 04/2014

❖ STUDENT ACTIVITIES DAY REGISTRATION FEE  
The Student Activities Day Registration Fee entitles the student and his/her family to attend all State Conference events. This fee is included on the PMTNM Conference Student Registration Form which is sent by the teacher to the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer prior to the conference.

❖ STUDENT HONORS (See Section IX)  
A. At the local level, checks are made payable to the District and sent to the District Student Honors Chair. Each District sets the entry fee to cover the costs of the auditions. A predetermined portion of this fee is sent by the District to the State Student Honors Chair. It is required that state fees be collected from first-place winners at the close of the District Auditions.  
B. State Auditions: All entrants pay in one check the Student Day Registration Fee plus the State Honors Fee.

❖ PERFORMANCE EVALUATION PROGRAM: PEP (See Section IX)  
A. Checks are made payable to PMTNM. They are collected by the local PEP Chair and sent to the State PEP Chair.  
B. Each entrant pays the current fee, regardless of performance level. (There are no entry fees for ensemble members or accompanists who perform with a PEP participant but are not themselves receiving a PEP rating).  
C. PEP judges submit a required form to the State PEP Chair for receipt of judging fees and travel expenses.

PMTNM HANDBOOK: SECTION IV – GENERAL INFORMATION  
04/2014

♦AFFILIATION  
∙ The Professional Music Teachers of New Mexico (PMTNM) was formed in 1950 as New Mexico Music Teachers Association. The name of the organization was changed to the Professional Music Teachers of New Mexico, Inc. (PMTNM) in 1998. PMTNM is affiliated with Music Teachers National Association (MTNA), and is a member of the MTNA Southwest Division along with Arizona, California, Hawaii, Nevada and Utah.  
∙ The address for the Music Teachers National Association is: MTNA, 441 Vine Street, Suite #505, Cincinnati, Ohio 45202-2814. Phone: (513) 421-1420.  
∙ Website: www.mtna.org

♦CONFERENCES  
∙ STATE: The PMTNM State Conference is held in the fall, usually November. Activities of the Conference include: Student Honors Auditions, Ensemble Program, Music Bowl, Winners Recital, Business Meetings, Concerts and Workshops. The MTNA Competitions may also be included.  
∙ NATIONAL: The MTNA National Conference is held in late March or early April.

♦DISTRICTS  
∙ The State is divided into six districts. Each is represented by a District Vice-President.

PMTNM HANDBOOK: SECTION IV – GENERAL INFORMATION  04/2014

❖ DUES  
- Individual dues collected by MTNA include state and national dues. Senior memberships are available to members 70 years of age. Other membership categories are Student and Honorary Life. Honorary Life members do not pay state dues, but must pay MTNA dues to receive the publications and benefits of national membership. Part of the national dues pays for the American Music Teacher magazine which is sent to each member. The notice for dues is sent from national during the spring. One check for the total state, local (if any), and national dues should be made payable to MTNA and sent to the MTNA office or paid online. The membership year begins July 1 and ends June 30.  
- State and national dues are prorated (half price) for new members who join between Jan. 1 and June 30. Unpaid memberships become delinquent June 30. See www.mtna.org or the American Music Teacher for dues information.

❖ FORMS  
- Application forms for PMTNM and MTNA membership are available on-line at www.mtna.org. These forms are returned to MTNA national headquarters after they have been properly filled out. Forms for applying for National Certification or renewal of National Certification are available from MTNA. These may also be obtained by going to www.mtna.org.

❖ PUBLICATIONS  
- SEGUE: The PMTNM newsletter is printed twice a year. Publications dates are: January/February and August/September. Material for SEGUE is to be in the hands of the Editor one month prior to the publication date.  
- PMTNM-WEB: The website may be accessed by going to www.pmtnm.net and contains the President's message, reports from the District Vice-Presidents, materials, and/or information as necessary, from other officers and committee chairs. The webmaster has all last minute additions to the paid membership list. All members are urged to check the website regularly for current information.  
- MAGAZINE: The American Music Teacher, the official journal of MTNA, is sent to all members six times a year.  
- ROSTER: A roster of all PMTNM members is published each year. It is compiled by the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer from the information submitted by MTNA national office and usually mailed with the Jan/Feb SEGUE.

❖ SCHOLARSHIP FUNDS  
1. Byrdis W. Danfelser Piano Scholarship  
- This fund was established in memory of Mrs. Danfelser who founded PMTNM in 1950. She was the first president, a Life Member, and did much to promote music teaching as a profession in New Mexico.  
- The fund principal is to be held on deposit with the interest available each year for scholarship purposes. Contributions to the fund are tax deductible and should be sent to the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer.  
- The scholarship is available for piano students, grade school through high school, whose primary piano teacher is a member of PMTNM, Inc. at the time of the application. The scholarship will be presented at the annual state conference in November. The scholarship check is sent to the recipient's teacher in January.

2

PMTNM HANDBOOK: SECTION IV – GENERAL INFORMATION  04/2014

A committee of at least three will evaluate the applications and decide on the award(s) to be granted each year. The committee will be comprised of the current Scholarship Chairperson, the Immediate Past President, and a member appointed by the Incumbent President.

Application forms are in two parts and are available online at www.pmtnm.net.

2. Janet Spangenberg Weed Memorial Scholarship

Janet Spangenberg Weed was a long time member. In her memory her children established this Scholarship.  
The fund is supported by annual contributions, primarily from the Weed children. Contributions to the fund are tax deductible and should be sent to the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer.  
The scholarship is available for music students (piano, voice, and other instruments), grade school through high school, whose primary music teacher in the field for which the application is presented is a member of PMTNM at the time of application. The scholarship(s) will be presented at the annual state conference in November. The scholarship check is sent to the recipient's teacher in January.  
A committee of at least three will evaluate the applications and decide on the award(s) to be granted each year. The committee will be comprised of the current Scholarship Chairperson, the Immediate Past President, and a member appointed by the Incumbent President.  
Application forms are in 3 parts and are available from the current Scholarship Chairperson and on our website at www.pmtnm.net.

3. "Brava Jane!" The Jane Snow Scholarship Fund

These monies shall be used solely at the discretion of the Executor of Jane Snow's estate for the purpose of making awards to vocal programs and singers deemed deserving of extra assistance.  
The major awards shall be the annual support of the Senior and Young Artist Winners of the MTNA National Vocal Performance Competitions. Assistance for smaller awards could include the following:  
lessons  
participation in competitions  
attendance at workshops  
purchase of tickets for vocal events  
advanced study  
participation in summer programs such as Aspen or Tanglewood  
career assistance  
pedagogical internship ("learning to teach") with a master teacher  
providing community service vocal programs  
For tax purposes all monies received for this fund shall be held by Professional Music Teachers of New Mexico, Inc., a branch of Music Teachers National Association (MTNA) of which Jane Snow was a member. Established: May 1, 1994.

Joyce Walker Student Foundation

Byron and Velma Gwyn established this foundation in 1980 in honor of their daughter, Joyce Gwyn Walker and her commitment to the education of music students and the student programs of PMTNM.  
The Awards are made to students who have won State Honors or MTNA State Competitions.  
Donations to the Foundation are tax-deductible.

PMTNM HANDBOOK: SECTION IV – GENERAL INFORMATION  04/2014

* Only the accrued interest is to be used for student awards. A report is to be given by the Executive Secretary-Treasurer at the annual business meeting of PMTNM. Following the State Conference the Executive Secretary-Treasurer sends reports of winners and financial transactions to Joyce Walker.  
* MTNA Awards: Each Jr/Sr and Composition winner, including those without competition who are designated a New Mexico State Representative to the MTNA SW Division Competition will be required to perform on the Winner's Recital during the PMTNM State Conference in order to qualify for an award from the Joyce Walker Foundation.  
* If the MTNA State Young Artist Auditions are held prior to the PMTNM Conference, the competition for the Joyce Walker Young Artist Awards will take place at a public hearing during the PMTNM State Conference. The Young Artist/Joyce Walker Award competitors shall be the state winners and any performer designated as a New Mexico State Representative to the MTNA SW Division Competition. Judges for the Walker Young Artist Awards will be those engaged by PMTNM. If the judges declare no first place winner the award will not be made. The same is true for the second place award. The decision of the judges will be final. Only the first place winner of the Joyce Walker Young Artist Award will be required to appear on the Winners’ Recital in order to receive his/her award.

5. PMTNM Memorial Outreach Fund  
* This fund was established by the PMTNM Board on April 30, 1989. Tax deductible donations may be made in memory or to honor a person or special occasion. Memorial contributions should be sent to the Executive Secretary-Treasurer. Checks should be made payable to PMTNM with the notation, Outreach Fund.

6. PMTNM Student Travel Fund  
* A Student Travel Fund has been established to provide grants to MTNA Performance Competition winners for assistance with travel expenses to Southwest Division and National Auditions. Tax-deductible donations to the fund may be made payable to PMTNM with the notation "Student Travel" and sent to the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer.

*Tax and License  
* PMTNM: The Professional Music Teachers of New Mexico is exempt from Federal Income Tax under section 501 (c) (3) of the Internal Revenue Code. This exemption was granted July1981 and remains in full force and effect. Contributions to the Association are deductible in the manner and to the full extent provided by section 170 of the Code.  
* State: The State of New Mexico, by statute, requires that all people providing services in the state shall be registered with the State Bureau of Taxation and Revenue. Reports covering one month or six month periods must be submitted on forms provided by the state, together with a check for the gross receipts tax based on services rendered. The tax can be assessed to the client as part of the tuition charge. Particulars regarding these matters may be obtained from the State Bureau of Taxation and Revenue.  
* Local: Some municipalities (including Albuquerque) require an Occupation License. The Treasurer of the municipality can give more information regarding this matter.  
* Federal: In regard to Federal Income Taxes, it is recommended that each teacher contact the local IRS office or a competent accountant to determine all possible responsibilities and deductions under the law.

4

PMTNM HANDBOOK: SECTION V – BYLAWS

04/2014

ARTICLE I: NAME  
• The name of this organization shall be Professional Music Teachers of New Mexico, Inc. hereafter known as PMTNM.

ARTICLE II: PURPOSE  
A. The Association shall be organized and operated exclusively for educational purposes within the meaning of Section 501 (c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1954.  
B. All activities of the Association shall be educational and shall be for the promotion of the art of music and the advancement of musical knowledge by disseminating the knowledge of musical activities and the appreciation of music.  
C. The Association is not organized for profit and no part of its net earnings shall inure to the benefit of any individual or entity.  
D. The specific objective of this permanent organization shall be:  
1. To promote the music teaching profession and its image in society through teacher certification, professional public promotion, and teacher education and training;  
2. To promote students and their talents through the student activities, student auditions, local projects, and school credit and release time;  
3. To promote music in American culture through programs, school credit, scholarship, and composer commissions;  
4. To exert all possible efforts toward the enrollment of increased numbers of people of all ages in the study of music.

ARTICLE III: MEMBERSHIP  
• Section 1: Membership Classification  
The following membership classes are open to those who meet the respective qualifications and pay the annual dues.  
1) Active Membership shall be open to all individuals professionally engaged in any field of musical activity. Such membership provides the privileges of participation in the activities of the Association, attendance at meetings upon the payment of registration fee, holding office, voting, and receiving a subscription to the American Music Teacher. Music Teachers National Association, Inc., hereafter known as MTNA, strongly encourages its members to adopt the Code of Ethics as their personal model of professional conduct.  
2) Dual (Spouse) member pays full price and spouse pays half of that.  
3) Senior Membership shall be open to members 70 years of age with the last 5 years of consecutive membership.  
4) Six month membership shall be open to all individuals who join after January 1.  
5) Collegiate Membership shall be open to all full-time college students currently involved in music study, who are also members of an affiliated association. Student members shall be entitled to attend programs of the Association upon payment of the registration fee and to receive the official  
1

PMTNM HANDBOOK: SECTION V – BYLAWS

04/2014

• Association publication, but shall not have the right to vote, hold office, apply for national certification, or enter students into MTNA competitions.  
6) Honorary Life Membership is conferred by the Board of Directors upon individuals who have given distinguished service to PMTNM or to the art of music. Honorary Life members pay no state dues but pay their national dues. Honorary Life members qualifying for Active Membership have the rights and privileges of such membership.  
• Section 2: Termination of Membership  
No person who has been convicted of a crime involving the sexual or other abuse of a person shall be a member of PMTNM. Any information that a member of PMTNM has been convicted of a crime involving sexual or other abuse of a person shall be reported to the President of PMTNM, who shall immediately report the information to the National Executive Director and CEO of MTNA. If the National Executive Director and CEO of MTNA and PMTNM President substantiate that a person has been convicted of a crime involving sexual or other abuse of a person, the two executives shall immediately terminate the membership and the certification of that person. Any membership terminated under this section shall be reinstated upon the filing with the National Executive Director and CEO of MTNA of a certified copy of the judgment reversing the conviction.  
• Section 3: Resignations  
A member in good standing may resign from the Association by submitting a letter of resignation to the MTNA office. No dues refund will be given.  
• Section 4: Reinstatement  
A member who resigned in good standing or who allowed annual dues to lapse may reactivate his or her membership by requesting such action and paying the current dues. If continuous membership is desired, the member must pay all dues accruing from the time of non-renewal through the current year.  
• Section 5: Annual Dues  
Annual dues for PMTNM/MTNA members are due on the first day of the membership year, as established by MTNA, after which date members are not in good standing nor entitled to any of the privileges of membership until dues are paid for the current membership year. State dues are prorated (half price) for new members who join the Association between Jan. 1 and June. 30.  
• Section 6: Membership Year and Fiscal Year  
The fiscal year and the membership year for all membership categories except that of student shall commence on July 1 and end on June 30, as required by the MTNA Bylaws. The Collegiate membership year shall be October 1 to September 30.

ARTICLE IV: AFFILIATION  
• Section 1: PMTNM shall maintain affiliation with MTNA and shall operate in accord with the aims and purposes of the national association.  
2

PMTNM HANDBOOK: SECTION V – BYLAWS

04/2014

• Section 2: Affiliated Local Associations - An affiliated local association shall include "Music Teachers National Association" as part of its official name and shall use the phrase "Affiliated with the Professional Music Teachers of New Mexico, Inc."

• Section 3: Affiliation Requirements - Any city, town, or district music teachers association may petition to the Executive Committee for affiliation in PMTNM by providing evidence that two copies of the Local Association's governing documents have been filed with the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer and that they are consistent with those of PMTNM, and that its fiscal membership year coincides with that of PMTNM. Upon determining that a petitioning local music teachers association has fulfilled the requirements, the Executive Committee shall act upon the petition and approval will not be unreasonably withheld. All members of a Local Association must be members of both PMTNM and MTNA.

• Section 4: Annual Renewal - Annual renewal of a Local Association shall be made without reconsideration by PMTNM provided that the affiliate has not formally notified PMTNM that it wishes to discontinue affiliation and that any changes in the Bylaws of the affiliated Local Association have been filed with PMTNM and are consistent with Bylaws of PMTNM and have been approved by PMTNM.

ARTICLE V: OFFICERS

• Section 1: Officers and Duties  
The elected officers of the Association shall be a President, Vice President, Certification Chair and Vice-President representing each District.  
A. The President shall be the principal elective office and presides at meetings of the Association, calls and presides at meetings of the Board of Directors, and appoints all standing and special committees as needed, and performs all other duties implied by the title, including the appointment of a Conference Chairperson as soon as possible after the selection of a conference site, and a Budget Committee (Refer to Article IX) to prepare a budget for the following year. He/she shall represent the Association at the MTNA Conference.  
B. The Vice President assumes all the duties of the President in the absence of that officer. The Vice President shall act as the coordinating officer to the six District Vice Presidents in promotion of membership. The current Vice President shall work as an understudy to succeed the President and shall be a member of the Budget Committee.  
C. The six District Vice Presidents shall act as members of a statewide membership committee and otherwise assist in the conduct of their respective district organizations. Each one is eligible to serve on committees as appointed by the President and perform other duties as delegated.  
D. Certification Chair shall promote the Certification program within the state.

3

PMTNM HANDBOOK: SECTION V – BYLAWS

04/2014

• E. The Immediate Past President shall serve as an advisor to the President, serve on the Budget Committee, chair the Nominating Committee, and perform other duties as delegated.

• Section 2: The Executive Secretary-Treasurer  
The Executive Secretary-Treasurer shall be appointed by the Executive Committee for a two-year term, and may be eligible for reappointment.  
A. The Executive Secretary-Treasurer shall preside in the absence of the President and Vice President and shall be the custodian of all funds of the organization, shall keep an accurate record of members for the Roster, is responsible for the payment of all bills, for keeping an itemized account of all receipts and disbursements, and for the preparation of an annual report to the Conference.  
B. The Executive Secretary-Treasurer shall be responsible for working with a CPA in the preparation of the annual report to the membership, filing of all returns with IRS, NM Taxation and Revenue Department, the NM State Corporation Commission, and any other government entity.  
C. The Executive Secretary-Treasurer shall be responsible for keeping minutes of all business meetings of the Association and meetings of the Executive Committee and Board of Directors, sends copies of the minutes of the meetings to the members within 60 days after the meetings, and sees that those minutes are in legal form and properly preserved in a permanent Minute Book, and such other duties as are assigned by the Board of Directors.

• Section 3: Archivist  
The President appoints an Archivist, with the approval of the Board, to serve until a successor is named. The Archivist is an ex-officio member of the Board. Duties of the Archivist are to collect and keep in secure place all items of historical interest to the Association, including programs, pertinent newspaper and magazine articles, photographs and correspondence.

ARTICLE VI: NOMINATIONS AND ELECTIONS

• Section 1: Nominating Committee  
A Nominating Committee shall be appointed by the President. The committee shall consist of the Immediate Past President who shall serve as chair and two members-at-large.

• Section 2: Slate of Nominees  
A. Officers to be elected are President, Vice President, six District Vice Presidents and Certification Chair. All officers shall be elected annually and may be eligible for re-election for a second one year term, and for subsequent one year terms.  
B. This committee shall prepare a roster of candidates at least 30 days prior to the opening date of the annual conference, and it shall be presented to the Executive Secretary-Treasurer 15 days prior to the annual conference. The report of the Nominating Committee together with any other nominations made from the floor shall be submitted at the Conference business meeting for vote by the membership. The newly elected officers  
4

PMTNM HANDBOOK: SECTION V – BYLAWS

04/2014

• Section 3: Election  
Officers shall be elected by majority vote, in a secret ballot, of members attending the Conference meeting. In the event of only one nominee for an office, a member may recommend election by acclamation.

• Section 4: Vacancies  
Except for a vacancy in the office of President which is automatically filled by the Vice-President, a vacancy may be filled by a written ballot circulated to the membership by means of the SEGUE with a name (or names) submitted by the current Nominating Committee. Ballots should be returned to the chair of the Nominating Committee by a specified date. If time does not permit this procedure before summer vacations, the President may appoint an officer pro tem to assume the duties of the office until the next regular conference. Should the elected Vice-President be unable to assume the Presidency, the President shall be elected, for that term only, in the same manner as that of the other officers.

• Section 5: One Position  
No officer may hold a national, division, or state office concurrently, except the Immediate Past President.

ARTICLE VII: GOVERNANCE

• Section 1: Executive Committee  
The Executive Committee shall consist of the officers: President, Vice President, Executive Secretary-Treasurer, six District Vice Presidents, and Certification Chair.

A. The Executive Committee shall determine policies of the Association in consultation with the PMTNM Board of Directors and within the limits of the Bylaws. It shall actively pursue the purposes of the Association and shall have discretion in the disbursement of all funds of the Association. It shall employ the service of a C.P.A. It may adopt such rules and regulations for the conduct of Association business as shall be deemed advisable and may, in the execution of the powers granted, appoint such agents as it may consider necessary.

B. In order to transact business a quorum consisting of one-third of the Executive Committee must be present. Telephone or electronic polling may be used if necessary. The President or Executive Secretary-Treasurer may initiate telephone or electronic polling and the Secretary will record opinions/votes.

• Section 2: Board of Directors  
The Board of Directors shall consist of the President as Chair, the Immediate Past President, Vice President, Executive Secretary-Treasurer, Six District Vice Presidents, Certification Chair, together with the various Student division chairs,

5

PMTNM HANDBOOK: SECTION V – BYLAWS  
04/2014

and any state resident member of the MTNA Division or National Board of Directors. The Editor of SEGUE shall be a member of the Board.  
A. The Board may make recommendations to the Executive Committee regarding policy and membership concerns.  
B. The Board shall have the power to rescind by a two-thirds vote any decision of the Executive Committee.  
C. One-third of the members of the Board shall constitute a quorum.

ARTICLE VIII – MEETINGS  
• Section 1: The Association shall hold an annual conference at a time and place to be determined by the Board. At the general meeting held during this conference, the President shall permit the general membership to bring forward items for consideration. Notice of the Conference shall appear in SEGUE prior to the Conference.  
• Section 2: A majority of the members entitled to vote and who are in attendance shall constitute a quorum for the election of officers and for the transaction of business at any annual or special membership meeting.  
• Section 3: Special meetings of the Executive Committee may be called by the President or upon the request of not less than one-third of the Executive Committee, or upon a signed petition from one-third of the Active members of the Association.  
• Section 4: The Board of Directors shall meet twice each year, or as many times as necessary to fully conduct the business of the Association. Prior to such meetings the Executive Committee will prepare various items to be presented before the Board of Directors. Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by the President or upon the request of not less than one-third of the members of the Board of Directors or upon a signed petition from one-third of the Active members of the Association.  
• Section 5: Any member in good standing with a concern about the operation of the PMTNM organization may contact the President and request in writing to have his/her concern put on the next Board of Directors meeting agenda and be invited to speak at the meeting to present his/her concerns to the Board of Directors.

ARTICLE IX: COMMITTEES  
• Section 1: The Board of Directors may authorize the appointment by the President of such standing and special committees as represent the well-defined and continuing interest of the Association’s membership in all fields.  
A. Chairs of such committees are appointed for terms of one year. Personnel of a standing committee may be changed upon recommendation of the chair. The President may terminate the chair.  
B. Standing committees are composed of not more than ten members.  
C. The Board of Directors is responsible for continuing or changing the status of all standing committees.  
6

PMTNM HANDBOOK: SECTION V – BYLAWS

04/2014

• Section 2: Budget Committee - The Executive Secretary-Treasurer shall serve as chair of the Budget Committee, assisted by the President, Immediate Past President, Vice President, and one member-at-large.  
• Section 3: Nominating Committee – The Immediate Past President shall serve as Chair of the Nominating Committee, along with two members-at-large. The President shall serve as an ex officio member of all committees except the Nominating Committee.

ARTICLE X: PARLIAMENTARY  
• Section 1: Parliamentarian: The President shall appoint a parliamentarian to provide parliamentary opinion during meetings of the Board of Directors and the annual business meeting of the Association.  
• Section 2: The rules contained in the current edition of Robert's Rules of Order Newly Revised shall govern the Association's meetings in all cases in which they are applicable, and in which they are not inconsistent with the Articles of Incorporation, the Bylaws of the Association and any special rules of order the Association may adopt.

ARTICLE XI: PUBLICATIONS  
• The Bylaws shall be printed and included in each member handbook as well as posted on the PMTNM website. Revisions or amendments will be distributed to members as they occur.

ARTICLE XII: INDEMNIFICATION OF OFFICERS  
• Any person who is or was made or threatened to be made a party to any legal proceeding by reason of the fact that he or she is or was an officer or chair of the Association, or is or was serving at the request of the Association as an officer or chair or employee of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall be indemnified by the Association to the maximum extent authorized by the New Mexico Nonprofit Corporation Law, as amended.

ARTICLE XIII: NON-PROFIT STATUS  
• Section 1: The Association is organized exclusively for charitable and educational purposes, including the making of distributions to organizations that qualify as exempt organizations under Section 501 (c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1954 (or the corresponding provision of any future U.S. Internal Revenue Law).  
• Section 2: No part of the net earnings of the Association shall inure to the benefit of, or be distributable to, its members, officers, or other private persons, except that the Association shall be authorized and empowered to pay reasonable compensation for services rendered and to make payments and distributions in furtherance of the purposes set forth in Section 1 hereof. No substantial part of the activities of the Association shall be the carrying on of propaganda, or otherwise attempting to influence legislation, and the Association shall not participate in, or intervene in (including the publishing or distribution of

7

PMTNM HANDBOOK: SECTION V – BYLAWS

04/2014

• Section 3: Upon the dissolution of the Association, the Board of Directors shall, after paying or making provision for the payment of all of the liabilities of the Association, dispose of all of the assets of the Association by donation to the MTNA Foundation, or to another organization or organizations organized and operated exclusively for charitable and educational purposes as shall at the time qualify as an exempt organization or organizations under Section 501 (c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1954 (or the corresponding provision of any future United States Internal Revenue Law) as the Board of Directors shall determine. Any such assets not so disposed of shall be disposed of by the Court of Common Pleas of the county in which the current President of the Association resides, exclusively for such purposes or to such organization or organizations, as said Court shall determine, which are organized and operated exclusively for such purposes.

• Section 4: The Association is a non-profit organization.

• Section 5: The recipients of scholarships cannot be related to the members of the selection committee.

ARTICLE XIV: AMENDMENTS

• The Association meeting in conference shall have the power to make amendments to this document as necessary, provided any amendment shall have been submitted in writing to the body at least 30 days prior to the vote. A two-thirds vote of Conference attendees must approve any amendment. Upon recommendation of the Executive Committee and Board of Directors, this document may be amended by mail or electronic mail ballot using the same procedures.

PMTNM HANDBOOK: SECTION VI – DUTIES OF OFFICERS 04/2014

❖ GENERAL DUTIES FOR ALL OFFICERS

The following are general duties required of all officers:  
1. Keeps the membership informed of pertinent information in your area of responsibility by reports, as necessary, in the SEGUE. These should be in the hands of the SEGUE Editor at least one month prior to the publication date (See News Editor for the publications deadlines). All copies should be typed and preferably emailed to the News Editor. Also, any forms or other materials which need to be sent to the entire membership should be included in the SEGUE mailings.  
2. Keeps a complete record of monies received (if any), and all bills and expenses connected with your office. Turns in money, bills and expense record to the Executive Secretary-Treasurer monthly. Expense forms are available from the state Executive Secretary-Treasurer.  
3. Attends the Board meetings and sends requested reports to the Executive Secretary-Treasurer one month prior to the spring and fall Board Meetings and sends reports by email if possible.  
4. Keeps a handbook of duties for the office up to date with any material included which would be of help to your successor.

❖ DUTIES OF THE STATE PRESIDENT  
A. Appoints the committee chairs and committee members.  
1. Upon accepting the nomination, the presidential candidate should begin to determine committee chairs and appointive officers for the coming year, so that these can be contacted and announced at the State Conference, following his/her election.  
2. Appointive officers and chairs are: Advertising Manager, Archivist, College Student Chapters Chair, Composer Commissioning Chair, Scholarship Chair, Handbook Chair, Independent Music Teachers Forum Chair, Junior-Senior Competitions Chair, Young Artist Competitions Chair, Local Associations Chair, PMTNM Segue Editor, PMTNM Outreach Fund Chair, PEP Chair, Publicity/Public Relations Chair, Student Activities Chair, Student Honors Chair, MTNA Competitions Chair(s), Conference Chair, and other chairs as needed as new programs are developed or previous programs reinstated.  
3. Standing committees should be appointed as soon as possible to maintain smooth continuing efforts.  
4. The President should appoint a nominating committee approximately 3 months before the State Conference.  
5. Notifies the State MTNA Performance Competitions Chair of the dates of the Southwest Division Competitions.  
B. Schedules a Spring Meeting & Conference Meeting.  
C. Keeps a close liaison with all officers to ensure that their respective offices continue to function. The President should acquaint the Vice President and the Executive Secretary-Treasurer with business and plans throughout the year, allocating some of the duties to the Vice President.  
D. Works with the Vice President and Conference Chair in the formal planning of the annual conference, keeping in mind PMTNM's annual needs together with some flexibility and room for innovation to meet local desires and originality.  
E. Makes an effort to respond to information requested from the national offices, and should acquaint the Vice President with the pertinent facts needed to prepare the annual report for MTNA.  
F. Prepares a message for each Segue publication by the publication deadlines.  
G. Works with the Executive Secretary-Treasurer to see that the official PMTNM stationary is distributed to all officers and committee chairs.  
H. Sends names and addresses of new officers and chairs to the national office immediately and keeps MTNA informed of any new officer or chair throughout the year.

PMTNM HANDBOOK: SECTION VI – DUTIES OF OFFICERS 04/2014

I. Writes the official notes of appreciation. (In some instances the President may delegate this responsibility to another officer or chair.)

J. Submits to the Board, at the meeting prior to the State Conference, possible dates and sites for the following year's conference.

K. Additional duties are listed under the General Duties for All Officers, Section VI.

DUTIES OF THE STATE VICE PRESIDENT

A. Assists the President, and conducts meetings in the absence of the President.

B. Acts as Chair of the Membership Committee and assists the District Vice Presidents in promoting growth in membership.

C. Attends all Board Meetings.

D. Works with the Executive Secretary-Treasurer to get information out to prospective members and sees that a letter of welcome is sent to each new member. Keeps a supply of the latest Segue publication and the roster to send with the letter of welcome. The letter of welcome should also include the web address.

E. Serves as State Chair for the MTNA Foundation.

F. Assists the President and Executive Secretary-Treasurer in preparation and/or approval of the budget.

G. Works with the Executive Secretary-Treasurer to see that a plaque of appreciation is ordered and presented to the outgoing President.

H. Additional duties are listed under the General Duties for All Officers, Section VI.

DUTIES OF THE STATE EXECUTIVE SECRETARY-TREASURER

A. Attends and records minutes of all Board meetings.

B. Sends a copy of the minutes of all meetings to the State President for corrections and approval. After making corrections, if requires sends the minutes via email to each Board member and any other special committee member as designated by the President.

C. Records the business sessions of the PMTNM State Conference and be prepared to read the minutes if requested.

D. Files the minutes of the Conference and Board meetings, along with all reports and financial reports, for future reference.

E. Keeps up-to-date, itemized and accurate financial transactions in a computerized accounting program. Pays by check all authorized expenditures and keeps the checkbook balanced. Maintains and provides reports on special PMTNM funds.

F. Presents financial reports at the Board Meetings (copies to be retained by each member of the Board). Obtains approval of the board for expenditures not provided for in the budget. Notifies officers and chairs when their expenditures near the limits imposed by the budget.

G. Works with MTNA national office to track memberships (renewal and new). Shares all new or changed membership information with the Segue editor, Webmaster, President, Vice President (membership chair), and appropriate District Vice President. Renewal dues are delinquent as of June 30 and delinquent members forfeit all rights to membership.

H. Files non-profit organization, 501 (c) (3), federal income tax forms.

I. Prepares PMTNM Roster and has it reproduced. The Roster should come out with the January/February Segue mailing.

J. Handles financial matters for the State Conference--registration fees, banquet tickets, etc. Pre-registration forms should be included in the September Segue mailing.

K. Has the financial records, CPA's reports, check book, receipts, and vouchers available prior to the conference for inspection. The records should be open to any member at all times.

2

PMTNM HANDBOOK: SECTION VI – DUTIES OF OFFICERS 04/2014

L. Presents a financial report at the State Conference.  
M. Serves on the Budget Committee. Requests budget income and expense estimates from officers and committee chairs and works with the Budget Committee to formulate the fiscal year budget. Presents the budget to the Board for approval at the Conference Board Meeting and subsequent General Meeting.  
N. The Treasurer's records will be audited by an accountant, as directed by the Board, before being turned over to a successor.  
O. Formulates the agenda in consultation with the State President for the Board Meetings and Conference Business Meeting. Copies of the agendas should be emailed to board members prior to meeting times.  
P. Administers the PMTNM Student Travel Fund awards for state winners to the MTNA Jr/Sr and Young Artist divisional and national competitions as stipulated by the Student Travel Fund guidelines set by the Board.  
Q. Performs any other duty assigned by the President or the Board.  
R. It is essential that the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer have had secretarial and bookkeeping experience or agree to take such courses prior to accepting the job. Owning a home computer equipped with accounting software is required.  
S. Additional duties are listed under the General Duties for All Officers, Section VI.

❖ DUTIES OF THE DISTRICT VICE PRESIDENTS  
A. Implements and encourages all of the state programs.  
B. Promotes growth in membership within the district by: Having knowledge of PMTNM and all of its programs and advantages. 2. Having membership application forms and MΤΝΑ new member dues forms available. These are obtained online from MΤΝΑ.  
C. Attends the Board meetings and sends requested reports to the Executive Secretary-Treasurer.  
D. Conducts the District's Student Honors Auditions by:  
1. Selecting the time and place for the Auditions.  
2. Selecting the judges. (If a fee is to be paid the judges, this should be agreed upon in advance.)  
3. Informing the district members of the Auditions.  
4. Before scheduling any student in the district audition, send a list of participating teachers to the Executive Secretary-Treasurer. Only after receiving confirmation that each teacher is a member in good standing of PMTNM should the student be allowed to audition. Dues must be paid by the competition deadline set for MTNA Competitions.  
5. Setting a fee for entrants, which must include, established Honors fees as listed in the Current Fee Schedule (See Chapter III), plus any local fees.  
6. Sending required fees to the Student Honors Chair by the deadline of October 8.  
7. Checking the Audition's rules to see that complete and correct information about the winners is sent to the Student Honors Chair by the deadline of October 8.  
8. Sends a report of District news to the Segue Editor as requested.  
9. Assists the Certification Chair in administering the examination to applicants.  
E. Provides information to members who wish to report study or workshops to the Certification Chair for credit. Additional information may be obtained from the Certification Chair.  
F. Sends newspaper articles, pictures, and other items of interest from the district concerning PMTNM to the Archivist.  
G. Assists the State Publicity/Public Relations Chair by serving as the District Publicity Chair. (See Publicity/Public Relations Guide, Section XIV)  
H. Additional duties are listed under the General Duties for All Officers, Section VII.

3

PMTNM HANDBOOK: SECTION VI – DUTIES OF OFFICERS 04/2014

❖ DUTIES OF THE CERTIFICATION CHAIR

A. PMTNM Certification requirements have been discontinued.  
B. All forms, applications and renewals for MTNA Certification are handled through the national office.  
C. State Certification Chair encourages members to apply for national certification, writes articles for the state news and holds workshops or meetings to encourage participation in the MTNA Certification program.  
D. Certification Chair attends board meetings and state conference.  
E. Sends requested reports to the Executive Secretary-Treasurer.  
F. Additional duties are listed under the General Duties for All Officers, at the beginning of Section VI.

PMTNM HANDBOOK: SECTION VII – COMMITTEE & CHAIR DUTIES  
04/2014

❖ GENERAL DUTIES FOR ALL CHAIRS  
The following are general duties required of all committee chair:  
A. Keeps the membership informed of pertinent information in your area of responsibility by reports, as necessary in the Segue. These should be in the hands of the Segue Editor at least one month prior to the publication date (see publications, Section IV). All copy should be typed and emailed to PMTNM Segue Editor. Also, any forms or other materials which need to be sent to the entire membership should be included in the Segue mailings.  
B. Keeps a complete record of monies received (if any), and all bills and expenses connected with your office. Turns in money, bills and expense record to the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer monthly. Expense forms are available from the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer.  
C. Attends Board meetings and sends report (preferably by email) to the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer one month prior to the spring and Fall Board meetings.  
D. Keeps a handbook of duties for your chair up to date with any material included which would be of help to your successor.

❖ DUTIES OF THE ADVERTISING MANAGER  
(See Advertising and Exhibits Policies, in Section XI)  
A. Solicits advertising and exhibits. A form letter, rate sheet and contracts are prepared and sent to 75-100 prospects on July 15 each year. Prospects are selected from previous lists and other professional journals. Current advertisers and exhibitors are sent a personal letter. Determines from conference chairpersons whether or not "showcases" will be offered.  
B. Sends the webmaster the current year advertising rates to be posted on the web.  
C. Sees that contracts are appropriately signed; acknowledges receipt of orders.  
D. Submits billings, acknowledges receipt of payment, forwards money to Executive Secretary-Treasurer; submits billings before November 1 to those who sent partial payment.  
E. Works with SEGUE Editor to see that all ads are included; works with conference chairpersons regarding ads in conference program and exhibit space.  
F. Makes sure that advertisers receive all copies during their contract period; sends Conference Program to advertisers as needed; sends "thank you" letter to exhibitors.  
G. Prepares "Exhibitor" name tag or other identification system for exhibitors to be admitted to certain conference activities. (May request assistance from the PMTNM Executive Secretary/Treasurer)  
H. Reviews guidelines set forth by the Federal Government for advertising in publications of non-profit corporations and sees that they are met.  
I. Attends Board Meetings and sends typed report to the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer.  
J. Additional duties are listed under the General Duties for all Chair (see section above.)

❖ DUTIES OF THE ARCHIVIST  
A. Compiles and presents an annual yearbook and table display reflecting the activities and records of PMTNM, its members and music students.  
1. The yearbook will begin with conference coverage from the previous year and carry through up to the current conference (roughly Nov. to Oct.).  
2. The yearbook shall consist of pictures, articles, programs, forms, Segue issues, etc. mounted and preserved using archive-safe paper, glue, and plastic sleeves in a 3-ring notebook.  
3. The current yearbook and previous year's yearbook shall be presented at conference in conjunction with a table display in the designated display room. The table display will feature a four-panel professional display board (owned by PMTNM and kept by the

PMTNM HANDBOOK: SECTION VII – COMMITTEE & CHAIR DUTIES  
04/2014

archivist). Table cloths and extra props are helpful in establishing a theme for visual display.  
4. The current Teacher of the Year will be featured on one of the panels. The PMTNM lettering should be boldly displayed on another panel. It is up to the creative endeavor of the archivist to present the table display in an artistic, professional manner.  
B. Dismantles the display board after conference and ensures that the yearbooks are in safe keeping. Files all extra leftover articles, etc. by year.  
C. Submits all receipts for material purchased, along with an official cost worksheet and reimbursement form, to the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer.  
D. May attend Board meetings as an ex-officio member.

DUTIES OF THE BUDGET COMMITTEE  
A. Meets before the Fall Board Meeting each year to prepare a budget for the coming year and presents it to the Board for approval. It should be based on expenditures necessary for the effective operation of the organization including the following expenses:  
1. State Conference  
2. Student Activities  
3. Publications and Records  
4. Administration  
5. Other Miscellaneous Expenses  
B. Examines the previous year's budget and compares it with the accountant's financial statement for the year, at which time recommendation for necessary increases or decreases in various areas may be made along with additions made necessary by new projects. Projected income from dues and any other source such as State Conference receipts and student related programs should be estimated and a balance between income and expenditures achieved.

DUTIES OF THE COLLEGE STUDENT CHAPTERS CHAIR  
(See Section X for program details)  
A. Contacts members in college and university cities and encourages them to organize a College Student Chapter.  
B. Sees that each PMTNM College Student Chapter has a PMTNM member as sponsor.  
C. Membership dues by each individual student member are to be sent directly to MTNA National office or the student may enroll online at www.mtna.org.  
D. Keeps the Southwest Division Student Chapters Chair informed of accomplishments and suggestions.  
E. Attends Board Meetings and sends requested reports to the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer.  
F. Additional duties are listed under the General Duties for All Chairs, Section VII.

DUTIES OF THE COMPOSITION COMMISSIONING CHAIR  
(See Section X for program details.)  
A. If requested by Board selects a composer to write a work from PMTNM not to exceed 15 minutes in the medium of his/her choice. This composer's work should be a credit to the stature of the state organization.  
B. The Chair contacts the composer and explains the commissioning program of MTNA and cites involvement of other notable composers. This should be done two years in advance of the conference at which the performance is to be premiered.  
C. Upon receipt of the composer's acceptance, the committee proceeds with item "B" on the requirements for MTNA-PMTNM Composition Commissioning Program, to be found in Section XI.  
2

PMTNM HANDBOOK: SECTION VII – COMMITTEE & CHAIR DUTIES  
04/2014

D. The composition should be submitted to the PMTNM state chair two months before the conference.

E. Works with the Conference Chair in making arrangements for a time and place for a public performance of the Composition at the State Conference. (The composer arranges for a person or persons to perform the composition during the State Conference.)

F. Gets bio, photo and program from commissioned composer and sends these to the Conference Chair for SEGUE and printed concert programs.

G. Attends Board Meetings and sends requested report to PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer.

H. Additional duties are listed under the General Duties for All Chair, Section VII.

❖ DUTIES OF CONFERENCE CHAIR  
STATE PRESIDENT  
A. Initiates Teacher of the Year award at Spring Board meeting.  
B. Writes greetings for conference program and Segue.  
C. Appoints the Student Ensemble Recital Chairperson and any other special project chairs.  
D. Invites guests for head table at Conference Banquet:  
1. Selects person to give invocation.  
2. Chair of Music Dept. of College Facility if used.  
3. Makes housing, meal, & transportation for all guests, if attending.  
4. Arranges banquet & recital tickets for all guests with Executive Secretary/Treasurer.  
5. Presides at banquet and introduces guests.  
6. Presents Teacher of the Year award.  
7. Communicates any of the state needs for workshop time to Conference Chair.  
8. Sends thanks you notes to clinician, representative, Music Dept. Chair, Conference Chair, etc.  
9. Prepares agenda for Sunday Membership Breakfast  
10. After conference, gets brief conference report from Conference Chair.

CONFERENCE CHAIR(S)  
(This is a temporary, non-voting member of the Board who should attend board meetings and keep the board apprised of Conference plans.)  
A. Prepares skeletal program  
1. Uses old conference programs as guides  
2. Leaves blank spaces for who will be responsible for each event  
B. Prepares one sheet for each job, using handbook guidelines.  
C. Sets up first meeting as soon as possible  
▪ For local association members.  
▪ For neighboring associations as needed.  
▪ Determines who will take on all needed jobs.  
▪ Distributes job descriptions.  
▪ Brings approximate budget amount after consultation with PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer.  
▪ Discusses proposed budget for various events and the need to keep expenses low.  
▪ Discusses conference program for ideas.  
▪ Makes deadlines for all information for final program.  
▪ Confirms Segue and printing deadlines.  
▪ Mails out schedule revisions as timing and events become firm (Date each revision)  
▪ Confirms with competition chair for time needs.  
▪ Determines Host for Tertulia. Set time and place.  
▪ Indicates time of opening and closing of exhibits.

3

PMTNM HANDBOOK: SECTION VII – COMMITTEE & CHAIR DUTIES 04/2014

Confirms with State Composer Chair for length of concert. Adjusts beginning of Clinician Recital so there isn't big gap between. Confirms with President times of Board meeting and Sunday full membership meeting.

Obtains student's day schedule from Student Activities Chair. Sets dates for further meetings as needed to get information for the overall schedule. Coordinates with Segue editor and program printer. Checks with PMTNM President: greetings, names of guests, program notes. Determines who will print various concert programs (Clinician, Composer, Student Winners and Student Ensemble). Sends that person details by mutually decided deadline. Sets post-conference meeting to prepare brief report on what worked, problems encountered, etc. for next Conference Chair.

The following are the suggested chairpersons. Depending on the number of volunteers, several jobs may have to be done by the same person. Choosing the Clinician and Workshop Presenters is frequently done by Conference Chair. It is encouraged that each committee chair coordinate programs for the Conference Chair.

SITE MANAGER  
A. Obtains preliminary program from chairperson for site time and piano requirements. B. Acquires sites for each event according to its requirements. C. Secures auditorium and practice for concerts (Composer and Clinician, Student Winners). D. Secures auditorium for auditions and practice. E. Secures practice space before Competitions. F. Secures Master Class space. G. Secures rooms for workshops and other program events. H. Sets up registration space at entrance. I. Sets up exhibition space which should be located in a central traffic location. J. Sees that microphones are available where needed. K. Works with Piano Manager to insure that pianos are located properly. L. Provides a clear, large map for the Conference Issue of SEGUE and Program Book (include hotel and motel locations and prices from Hotel Manager.)

NOTE: University and College facilities should be used if available. Churches and civic auditoriums sometimes have excellent instruments and space. It is always best if the activities can be in one place, but in some cities this is impossible. Stay in touch with PMTNM Executive Secretary/Treasurer for additional guidelines.

HOTEL-MOTEL MANAGER  
A. Contacts hotels to set aside numbers of rooms. Secures room rates. B. Hotels and motels should be affordable and convenient. Ask Hotel contact if any complimentary rooms are available for booking a certain number of conference rooms. C. Banquet facilities are generally available so coordinate with Banquet Manager. D. Sends information on locations and prices to Site Manager.

BANQUET MANAGER  
A. Makes meal arrangements in late spring, early summer. Stays in close contact with Executive Secretary-Treasurer for number of attendees and Site Manager for facilities. B. Conference Banquet: 1. Gets approximate number of attendees from Executive Secretary-Treasurer. 2. Contacts State President for head table choices and makes place cards.  
4

PMTNM HANDBOOK: SECTION VII – COMMITTEE & CHAIR DUTIES  04/2014

3. Gets locals to do table decorations. The number depends on number of people divided by the number of people at each table,  
4. Arranges for mic if at all possible (noisy restaurant space is too difficult for speakers and check noise level during busy hours)

C. Student Activities Banquet:  
1. Gets number of attendees from Executive Secretary-Treasurer.  
2. Arranges for the menu. Remember to keep it as inexpensive as possible, cafeteria style food suitable for students.  
3. Arranges for microphone  
4. Obtains local volunteer entertainment if time is available.  
5. Asks local association to make inexpensive take-away decorations from tables.  
6. Checks with Student Activities Chair for programs, head table arrangement, place cards, etc.  
7. Gets two local students to do the invocation and another to act as Master of Ceremonies. Informs Activity Chair and PMTNM Executive. Secretary-Treasurer for free meal tickets.

D. Board Meeting Dinner: Thursday Evening  
1. Coordinates with State President for number of attendees.  
2. Arranges catering or gets local teachers to do potluck dinner.  
3. Finds someone to volunteer a home, or restaurant could be used.

E. Sunday Morning Membership Breakfast:  
1. Checks numbers with Executive Secretary-Treasurer.  
2. Considers choice for non-egg eaters: cereal or pancakes.  
3. Keeps this as inexpensive as possible.

F. Tertulia: Arranges for reception with local teachers at a museum, or a volunteer's home.

G. Hospitality Cart:  
1. Discusses possibilities for snacks around lunch time at conference site and during the competitions. This is optional.  
2. Contacts a local money making organization to see if they would like to do the cart.

H. Student Reception:  
1. Cookies and punch after concerts are provided by a local organization or a neighboring organization.

ADVERTISING and EXHIBITS  
A. Finds local advertisers, chamber of commerce, for ads and donations (pencils, pads, leaflets, etc.) for registration bag. (Refer to Advertising Manager)  
B. Contacts local music stores to arrange for exhibit. (Refer to Advertising Manager)  
C. Is responsible for locking exhibit room at night and unlocking in morning. Available to exhibitors when they arrive and leave to answer questions and direct them as needed.  
D. Checks with PMTNM Advertising Manager as to number of tables needed.

PUBLICITY  
A. Local: Newspapers, TV, Radio  
B. Writes pre-convention article and set up interviews.  
C. Two weeks ahead announces the clinician and student concerts. Provides bios and ticket price if any.  
D. One week ahead writes an article about local students entering competition.  
E. Writes post-conference article and interviews with local student winners,  
F. Works with PMTNM Segue Editor, Conference Chair for pre-conference issue.  
G. Obtains bios, pictures, titles, descriptions and programs from the Clinician and Workshop Chairperson to include with conference program.

PMTNM HANDBOOK: SECTION VII – COMMITTEE & CHAIR DUTIES

04/2014

CLINICAN  
A. Obtains a clinician as soon as possible, as wasted time can be your enemy. B. Gets recommendations from former chair and passes on any candidates you did not use. Asks state and local people for ideas and PMTNM President for information. C. Writes letters. D. Describes conference, gives dates. E. Secures from the spring board meeting as to what we would like from clinician. F. Payment (clinician pays own hotel room unless someone volunteers to house him/her) G. Checks with Executive Secretary-Treasurer as to the going rate for the four needs: 1. Recital, Master class, Lecture, Judging for MTNA Performance Competitions and/or Honors. (Work with Competition chair if you need to schedule the Clinician to judge. Be considerate of Clinician time.) Get someone else for any of these four events if the Clinician cannot do them all. 2. Clinicians usually do not judge on both days. Stays in close touch with Executive Secretary-Treasurer. 3. Requests outline of talk and sample recital program. (Gets firm program for Segue) K. Asks for bio, picture, final recital program, title and description of talk and firms the deadline. Sends all of this information to Publicity Chair. L. Contacts Executive Secretary-Treasurer to send formal contract to Clinician so there is no question as to specific fees or duties for this conference.

❖ WORKSHOP PRESENTERS & PRESIDERS (INCLUDING CLINICIAN)  
A. Determines number and length of time of workshops from overall schedule. Sends all conference information to Segue editor for the July/August issue. B. Calls around for ideas and volunteers. Workshop clinicians are not paid. C. Determines subjects for workshops: 1. In place of one workshop, suggests everyone go to listen to the competitions. 2. Organizational meetings should be coordinated with the PMTNM president. 3. Subjects other than piano: voice, violin, etc. 4. Publishers showcase 5. Student oriented-check with Student Activities Chair D. Gets bios, pictures, titles and description for program from workshop presenters before deadline. E. Gets a teacher to preside for all events. Sends their names to Publicity Chair along with workshop presenter's bios, etc. for program and Segue.

PIANO MANAGER  
A. Works with Site Manager in determining availability and condition of pianos. Excellent pianos are needed for the Clinician Recital and the Competitions. B. Acquires pianos if needed and arranges for delivery. C. Finds good tuner and coordinates.

COMPETITION COORDINATOR  
A. Be the liaison with State Competition Chairs to help meet their needs. B. Be available to help State Competition Chairs set up competitions.

❖ DUTIES OF THE HANDBOOK CHAIR  
A. Works with the Executive Secretary-Treasurer to keep the Handbook up to date. When additions or revisions are needed, has the copy published on the web page. It is very important that actions taken by the PMTNM Board and general membership, as well as new MTNA rulings, be reflected in updated information for the PMTNM Handbook which will be published on the web page B. Attends Board Meetings and sends requested report to the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer.

PMTNM HANDBOOK: SECTION VII – COMMITTEE & CHAIR DUTIES  
04/2014

C. Additional duties are listed under the General Duties for All Chairs, Section VI.

❖ DUTIES OF INDEPENDENT MUSIC TEACHERS FORUM CHAIR  
A. Requests, from the State President or Conference Chair, a time for an IMTF session to be held at the State Conference. Such sessions may be in the form of panel discussions on subjects directly relating to independent teachers, so that they may share their possible solutions to mutual problems (studio and tuition policies, released time for lessons and school credit, financial management, tax deductions and requirements, continuing education, pedagogical or psychological problems directly related to young children, improving the professional image of the IMT). Or these sessions may take a workshop form in which concrete solutions to these or other related problems may be presented by an individual or panel.  
B. Establishes liaison with local chapter presidents and requests them to devote some part of a local meeting or program during the year to the above subjects, relating concerns of IMT's or their solutions back to you.  
C. Relates these concerns, solutions or discussions to the Southwest Division Chair of IMTF, so that he/she may share them with other state IMTF chair in the division and nation. Is prepared to assist the Division Chair in any requests for information he/she may have (licensing and zoning, number of IMT's in state membership, survey information, etc.). Is prepared to disseminate to your state officers or membership (via the PMTNM Segue and web page) any information sent to you for that purpose by the Division Chair.  
D. Encourages a positive working relationship with college music teachers and public school music teachers.  
E. Attends Board Meetings and sends requested reports to the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer.  
F. Additional duties are listed under the General Duties for All Chairs, Section VII.

❖ JOYCE WALKER STUDENT FOUNDATION CHAIR  
(See Section IV for Joyce Walker Student Foundation Scholarship details.)  
A. Works with the Student Activities Chair, the Executive Secretary-Treasurer, the PMTNM President, and the Board in promoting programs and overseeing distribution of the scholarship awards.  
B. Presents scholarships to Joyce Walker Student Foundation recipients at the State Conference Student Winners Recital or appoints someone to do so.  
C. Works with the Executive Secretary-Treasurer on investment of the principal and other financial decisions related to the fund.  
D. Attends Board Meetings and sends requested reports to the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer.  
E. Additional duties are listed under the General Duties for All Chairs, Section VI.

❖ DUTIES OF THE LOCAL ASSOCIATIONS CHAIR  
A. Serves as the liaison between the state and national organizations for the local associations. Identifies all the local associations in the state and communicates to them any programs of interest that PMTNM or MTNA is sponsoring.  
B. Where no local group is functioning in an area with enough PMTNM members, the chair encourages these teachers to form a local association.  
C. Shares ideas for programs directly with local groups and through the PMTNM Segue and web page.  
D. Encourages local groups to reach out to non-member teachers and to inform them of the benefits of certification and membership.  
E. Attends Board Meetings and sends requested reports to the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer.

7

PMTNM HANDBOOK: SECTION VII – COMMITTEE & CHAIR DUTIES  
04/2014

F. Additional duties are listed under the General Duties for All Chairs, Section VII.

❖ DUTIES OF THE MTNA PERFORMANCE COMPETITIONS CHAIR  
(See Section IX for program details.)  
A. Specific duties for this position are set in the MTNA Handbook for MTNA State Competition Officials that is published every year.  
B. All competition information is found in the April/May issue of the American Music Teacher publications or by going to www.mtna.org for information.  
C. Makes sure that students and parents fully understand that each state winner obligated to compete in Division and National should they win the successive competitions.  
D. Gives names of the Joyce Walker Foundation award winners to the Executive Secretary-Treasurer on the form provided. Gives information to typist for recital programs for the student winner’s recital.  
E. Notifies the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer of names and addresses of student winners’ who will be traveling to the Division Auditions.  
F. Attends Board Meetings and sends requested reports to the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer.  
G. Additional duties are listed under the General Duties for All Chairs, Section VII.

❖ DUTIES OF THE STUDENT COMPOSITION CONTEST CHAIR  
(See Section IX for program details.)  
A. Secures judge(s) for the contest.  
B. Follows guidelines for state composition chairs as outlined on MTNA website.  
C. Arranges with the State Conference Chair and the first place winners to have their compositions performed at the state conference and receive the Joyce Walker Composition award.  
D. Writes thank you notes to the judges.  
E. Attends Board Meetings and sends requested reports to the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer.  
F. Additional duties are listed under the General Duties for All Chairs, Section VII.

❖ DUTIES OF THE NOMINATING COMMITTEE  
A. Prepares a roster of candidates.  
B. Asks each candidate if he/she will accept the nomination, after informing each candidate of his/her duties as defined in the Handbook.  
C. Presents the roster of candidates to the PMTNM President and the Executive Secretary-Treasurer at least 15 days and preferably 21 days before the opening date of the annual State Conference.  
D. Presents a report to the Board. Once the Board recommends the slate, the membership votes at the State Conference Business Meeting.

❖ DUTIES OF THE PEP CHAIR (Performance Evaluation Program)  
(See Section IX for program details.)  
A. These blanks may also be accessed at pmtnm.net.  
B. Receives application forms and collects fees. (See Current Fee Schedule: PEP Section III). Sends fees to Executive Secretary-Treasurer.  
C. Secures judges for each Audition and sends judges guidelines. (Judges should be from another city if possible and will be paid according to the Current Fee Schedule: Section III, PEP Judges.)  
D. Sends necessary materials and information to run the PEP Audition to the local chair.  
E. Keeps supplies of "Judges Guidelines", repertoire sheets, ribbons, certificates, etc., ordering and revising as needed.  
8

PMTNM HANDBOOK: SECTION VII – COMMITTEE & CHAIR DUTIES  
04/2014

F. Attends Board Meetings and sends requested reports to the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer.  
G. Additional duties are listed under the General Duties for All Chairs, See Section VII.

❖ DUTIES OF SEGUE EDITOR (Newsletter)  
A. Serves as the information liaison between the state and the local associations.  
B. Forwards Segue to the Webmaster for online publication.  
C. Elicits information from pertinent chairs.  
D. Attends Board Meetings and sends requested reports to the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer.  
E. Secures three bids prior to printing.  
F. Edits the PMTNM Segue to ensure that it is factual, in good taste and is a professional publication.  
G. Sees that the PMTNM Segue is mailed to all PMTNM members including College Student Chapter members (with an extra copy going to the Archivist and the Executive Secretary-Treasurer). Sees that each State MTA President and SW Division President receives one copy of the PMTNM Segue a year (usually after the list of new presidents is printed in the American Music Teacher around March).  
H. Keeps two copies of all PMTNM Segue and PMTNM Rosters in a permanent file.  
I. Sees that the PMTNM Student Activities programs and PEP program are listed in the winter issue of Segue. Sees that Conference Registration Forms are sent with the fall issue.  
J. Sends the Roster out with the winter issue of the Segue.  
K. Attends Board Meetings and sends requested reports to the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer.  
L. Additional duties are listed under the General Duties for All Chairs, Section VII.

❖ DUTIES OF THE PMTNM MEMORIAL OUTREACH FUND CHAIR  
(See Section IV for PMTNM Memorial Outreach Fund details.)  
A. Keeps abreast of the status of funds available for Outreach Program.  
B. Supervises the processing of requests for funds and acts as the liaison between requesting party, Board, and the Executive Secretary-Treasurer.  
C. Develops creative and innovative ideas for increased teacher and student community outreach projects.  
D. Attends Board Meetings and sends requested reports to the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer.  
E. Additional duties are listed under the General Duties for All Chairs, Section VII.

❖ DUTIES OF THE SCHOLARSHIP CHAIR  
A. Works with the Scholarship Committee in reviewing applications and selecting qualified recipients.  
B. Presents the scholarships at the State Conference or asks a member of the committee to do so.  
C. Is responsible for publicity and promotion pertaining to the scholarships' activities.  
D. Works with the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer regarding the scholarships' funds and disposition of the awards.  
E. Attends Board Meetings and sends requested reports to the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer.  
F. Additional duties are listed under the General Duties for All Chairs, Section VII.  
9

PMTNM HANDBOOK: SECTION VII – COMMITTEE & CHAIR DUTIES  04/2014

❖ DUTIES OF THE STUDENT HONORS PROGRAM CHAIR  
(See Section XI for program details.)  
A. Selects judges for the State Student Honors Program.  
B. Orders certificates and awards for first, second, and third place state winners. Orders seals for certificates and has Student Honors Rating Sheets printed.  
C. Makes advance arrangements for the State Honors Auditions (time and place) with the Conference Chair.  
D. Sets the deadline for District Winners forms and fees as soon as the State Conference dates are set.  
E. Sends the District Application Forms, Acceptance of Conditions for Participation forms, and combined District and State Fees form at least three months prior to State Chair's deadline.  
F. Sends schedule of place and time of State Conference to the District winners and teachers and the District Vice Presidents.  
G. Sends fees to the Executive Secretary-Treasurer. (See Current Fee Schedule: Student Honors, Section III.)  
H. Announces winners and presents certificates and awards following the State Auditions and at the Student Winners' Recital.  
I. Gives information to typist for recital programs for the Student Winners' Recital.  
J. Writes Student Honors news article for Segue.  
K. Attends Board Meetings and sends requested reports to the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer.  
L. Additional duties are listed under the General Duties for All Chairs, Section VII.

❖ DUTIES OF THE PMTNM WEBMASTER  
A. Serves as the liaison between the state and national for the latest information for publication on the web.  
B. Communicates with the Segue Editor and State President for information which needs to appear in both places.  
C. Attends Board Meetings and sends requested reports to the PMTNM Executive Secretary-Treasurer.  
D. Additional duties are listed under the General Duties for All Chair, Section VII.

10

PMTNM HANDBOOK: SECTION VIII – NATIONAL CERTIFICATION  
04/2014

MTNA CERTIFICATION AND RENEWAL  
A. MTNA certification and renewal are now processed directly through the national office.  
B. Checks for MTNA certification fees should be made payable to MTNA and sent to the national office along with required forms and material.  
C. MTNA certification applications or renewal information can be obtained by contacting the national office in any of the following ways:  
1. Phone: (999) 512-5278  
2. Fax: (513) 421-2603  
3. Mail: MTNA, The Carew Tower, 441 Vine Street, Suite 505, Cincinnati, OH 45202-2811.  
4. Through the MTNA web site: www.mtna.org  
D. Teachers who have received MTNA certification are so indicated in the PMTNM Membership Roster by NCTM (Nationally Certified Teacher of Music) after their names.

PMTNM HANDBOOK SECTION IX: STUDENT ACTIVITIES  
04/2014

*PURPOSE  
PMTNM has a long tradition of offering the students of PMTNM members a wider musical experience than is ordinarily afforded in private music study.

*STUDENT ELIGIBILITY  
Students wishing to participate in PMTNM student activities may be of elementary, middle school, or high school age. (Some categories are open to college age students as well.) The student's teacher must be a current PMTNM member in good standing.

*FEES  
A. Fees for various activities and programs are listed under each activity heading of the Current Fee Schedule, Chapter III of this Handbook.  
B. A registration fee is charged for those who are participating in Music Bowl, Ensemble Recital, or MTNA Performance Competitions. (See Student Registration Fee, Section III) Note: The registration for District Honors Winners is included in the District fee.  
C. Other conference expenses may include meal ticket and some concerts.

*TEACHER RESPONSIBILITIES  
A. Teachers who enter students in student activities are required to assist in the operation of the programs as determined by the state and/or local chairman of the programs.  
B. Any teacher with a student entered in any Conference Activity (Honors, Music Bowl, and/or MTNA Competitions) or any other student activity will be required to assist with the auditions and activities. In lieu of helping he/she may find a qualified substitute to be approved by the student competition chairman as his/her helper or must pay a $50 fee to hire a helper.  
C. All teachers who enter students in the auditions or any Conference event will be required to register for the State Conference and pay the teacher's registration fee.

*COMPETITIVE AND NON-COMPETITIVE STUDENT PROGRAMS  
A. Details for all MTNA Competitions may be found in the April/May issue of AMT or online at mtna.org.  
*NOTE: Beginning in the fall of 2014 PMTNM shall require a fee of $25 from each teacher for each student entering the MTNA Performance Competitions.  
B. PMTNM Performance Evaluation Program (PEP): This program is a non-competitive general audition offered at the local level only.  
C. PMTNM Student Honors Program: A competitive audition in all instruments and voice at the district and state levels. Other Activities with local student groups may be formed with member teachers. Suggested activities include field trips, recitals, service programs (such as at retirement homes, and hospitals, etc.), social activities, workshops and/or master classes and festivals.

1

PMTNM HANDBOOK SECTION IX: STUDENT ACTIVITIES  
04/2014

❖ STATE STUDENT ACTIVITIES  
A. Held during the State Conference (usually the second weekend in November).  
B. The Student Registration Fee entitles the student and his/her family to attend all conference workshops and the Ensemble and Winners' Recitals.  
C. Conference activities include:  
1. Student Honors Auditions  
2. Ensemble Recital (5 minute time limit per selection). Reproductions of copyrighted music may be used if official release form has been signed.  
3. The State Student Winners' Recital: Program includes the Student Honors winners, the winners of the MTNA Performance Competitions. The Ensemble Recital will include the MTNA Student Composition Competition winners. The Joyce Walker Foundation awards will be presented at each recital.  
4. A variety of musical activities, including Music Bowl, designed to provide musical enjoyment for students of all ages.

❖ PMTNM PERFORMANCE EVALUATION PROGRAM (PEP)  
The Performance Evaluation Program (PEP) is a PMTNM sponsored non-competitive general audition. The repertoire, dates and general rules are determined by the PEP Chair.

❖ AUDITION SCHEDULE  
PEP Auditions can be held at any time during the year.

❖ ELIGIBILITY  
A. Entrants must be studying with a teacher who is a member in good standing of MTNA and PMTNM.  
B. Entrants may be of elementary, junior high or senior high age.  
C. There is also an adult category for students over the age of 18.

❖ ORGANIZATION  
A. State: The State PEP Chairman will be appointed by the State President to administer the PEP Auditions.  
B. Local: A local Chairman, appointed by the local MTA will make arrangements for the time and place of the local auditions, working through the State PEP Chairman in administering the Auditions.  
C. Individual: In localities where there is no local MTA, individual teachers may make arrangements for the PEP Auditions directly with the PEP Chairman.

❖ FEES  
See Current Fee Schedule: Section III, Performance Evaluation Program (PEP), for applicable fees.

❖ REPERTOIRE: PIANO  
A. Each teacher should determine the performance level for each of his/her students who are entering the Auditions.

PMTNM HANDBOOK SECTION IX: STUDENT ACTIVITIES 04/2014

B. All solo selections must be performed by memory. Adults do NOT need to memorize repertoire. 1. Music is to be played with no repeats. 2. Contrasting numbers should be selected to show the student's versatility. 3. Students must play at least three pieces or a minimum of four minutes of performance time. 4. Beginning with level four, students must play selections representing three musical periods. Teachers are asked to refer to the PMTNM General Auditions (PEP) Music Guide in the Appendix of this Handbook. 5. A concerto movement can be used as one of the repertoire selection, with the PEP judge indicating the portion to be performed by the student. (A second piano is not required.)

C. An ensemble may be programmed in lieu of one piece. 1. An ensemble may include a duet or duo, a vocal solo with accompaniment, an instrumental solo with accompaniment. The vocalist, if being judged as a PEP participant, should perform from memory. Other instrumentalists and accompanists in the ensemble category are not required to play from memory. 2. If a student enters PEP in piano, his ensemble entry must also feature him at the piano, not on another instrument or voice. 3. Evaluation of an ensemble should reflect the ensemble as a whole with special attention to the PEP participant. The judge should be given scores which include both solo and accompaniment parts. 4. Under no circumstance is a PEP participant exempt from the requirement that, beginning with level four, music from at least three style periods must be performed. Therefore, the ensemble should be selected to fulfill part of this requirement.

D. A musicianship task may be programmed in lieu of one piece. 1. The musicianship task includes all scales, triads, and arpeggio at the level of the participant's enrollment, with the choice of key to be determined by the PEP judge. 2. An ensemble or musicianship task is not required, but may be programmed in lieu of one of the three pieces required.

❖ REPERTOIRE: VOICE

A. Level I-IV (5 minutes performance; 9 minutes total) 1. Scales: Sing a major scale from any given pitch, one octave. 2. Arpeggios: Sing a major arpeggio using 1, 3, 5, 8 ascending and descending, unaccompanied. 3. Intervals: Recognize or sing the interval of a third, a fifth and an octave. 4. Repertoire: Sing 1 or 2 contrasting songs from memory.

B. Levels V-VIII (10 minutes performance; 4 minutes total) 1. Scales: Sing a major scale. Sing a natural minor scale. 2. Arpeggios: Sing major and minor arpeggios. 3. Intervals: Recognize or sing the interval of a fourth and sixth. 4. Repertoire: Sing 3 contrasting songs from memory. 3

PMTNM HANDBOOK SECTION IX: STUDENT ACTIVITIES

04/2014  
C. Levels IX – XII (16 minutes performance; 20 minutes total)  
1. Scales: Sing chromatic, melodic and harmonic minor scales.  
2. Intervals: Recognize or sing all intervals from a given pitch including a seventh.  
3. Reading: Sight sing a simple melody.  
4. Repertoire: Sing 4 contrasting songs in the original language from memory (Folk, classical, modern, and sacred).  
(Prepared by Karolyn Coulter in collaboration with the Los Alamos Music Teachers. Accepted at Convention 11/98)

REPERTOIRE: INSTRUMENTS OTHER THAN PIANO  
A. Each teacher should determine the performance level for each of his/her students who are entering the Auditions.  
B. It is not required that solo selections on instruments other than piano be performed from memory.  
1. Music is to be played with no repeats.  
2. Contrasting numbers should be selected to show the student’s versatility.  
3. Entrants must play at least three pieces for levels one through three, or a minimum of four minutes or performance time.  
4. Beginning with level four, students must play selections representing at least two musical periods, but may do three musical periods to fill time requirements.  
5. The U.I.L. (University Interscholastic League) Music and All-State Music should serve as a guide for orchestral instruments.  
C. An ensemble may be programmed in lieu of one piece.  
1. An ensemble may include a duet or duo, or an instrumental solo with accompaniment.  
2. If a student enters PEP in voice or on an instrument other than piano, his ensemble entry must also feature him in voice or the designated instrument.  
3. Evaluation of an ensemble should reflect the ensemble as a whole with special attention to the PEP participant. The judge should be given scores which include both solo and accompaniment parts.  
4. Under no circumstance is a PEP participant exempt from the requirement that, beginning with level four, music from at least two style periods must be performed. Therefore, the ensemble should be selected to fulfill part of this requirement.  
D. A musicianship task may be programmed in lieu of one piece.  
1. The musicianship task includes all scales, triads, and arpeggios at the level of the participant’s enrollment, with the choice of key to be determined by the PEP judge.  
2. An ensemble or musicianship task is not required, but may be programmed in lieu of one of the required pieces.  
E. Scales, chords, and arpeggios in the key of each piece should be prepared according to the appropriate National Course of Study for the level entered.

PMTNM HANDBOOK SECTION IX: STUDENT ACTIVITIES 04/2014

❖ REQUIREMENTS FOR ALL ENTRANTS  
A. Students must provide a copy of each piece for the judge.  
1. Measures should be numbered.  
B. Reproductions of copyrighted music may be used if the official release form has been signed. Time limits given below must be adhered to in the audition.

| Requirements for | Level | Total Time | Performance Time | Evaluation Time |  
|---|---|---|---|---|   
| All Instruments | 1-4 | 9 minutes | 5 minutes | 4 minutes |  
| And Voice | 5-8 | 14 minutes | 10 minutes | 4 minutes |  
| | 9-12 | 20 minutes | 16 minutes | 4 minutes |

❖ RECOGNITION  
A. Each entrant will receive a colored ribbon: Blue - Superior; Red - Excellent; White - Good or Needs Improvement.  
B. Each entrant will receive a certificate that has been signed by the State PEP Chairman, the Local PEP Chairman, and the Student's teacher. Each teacher will fill in the names of his/her students on the certificate.

❖ JUDGES  
A. PMTNM members wishing to judge in the PEP Auditions must have participated in a judging seminar (arranged for by the PEP Chairman), or have judging experience which meets the approval of the State PEP Chairman.  
B. All judges should follow the "Judge Guidelines", prepared by the PEP Committee, in order to keep the judging standards consistent throughout the state. Judges must also adhere to required time limits.  
C. Pay for judges are detailed in the Current Fee Schedule: Performance Evaluation Program (PEP), Section III of this Handbook.  
D. A grade and constructive criticism will be given each entrant by the judge on rating sheets furnished by the PEP Chairman. The grading standard is as follows:  
• I 92 – 100 Superior  
• II 85 – 91 Excellent  
• III 75 – 84 Good  
• IV 65 – 74 Needs Improvement

❖ AUDITION PROCEDURE  
A. State Chairman 1: The State PEP Chairman will arrange for a qualified judge(s) (from another city), and will send the Local Chairman the needed forms, ribbons, and certificates to run the local PEP Auditions. (See Duties of the PEP Chairman in Section VII of this Handbook for further details.)  
B. Local Chairman:  
1. Make arrangements for time and place of Auditions.  
2. Six weeks prior to audition, notify State PEP Chairman of date, place, and time required for Audition. You may include a request for three judges in order  
5

PMTNM HANDBOOK SECTION IX: STUDENT ACTIVITIES  
04/2014

of preference. If possible, your request will be honored. Tell the State PEP Chairman if there will be any vocal or non-piano instrumental entries so that appropriate judging forms can be sent.  
3. Three weeks prior to audition, collect application and fees from local teachers.  
4. Two weeks prior to audition send State PEP Chairman totals for all entries and all entry fees. Include request for certificates and ribbons needed.  
5. As soon as you receive the name of your judge(s), contact them. Arrange lodging and meeting places. Some judges prefer to stay in homes; others prefer motels. Request a picture and press release.  
6. Have adequate number of rating sheets printed and distribute to local teachers. Distribute certificates to teachers at least one week prior to Auditions.  
7. Set up schedule for the Auditions, allowing the judge breaks and lunch times. If local teachers wish, schedule a time for conferences with the judges following the Auditions. A judge will judge no longer than eight hours (unless consulted and agreed in advance by the judge). Arrange for door monitors.  
8. Before the Audition day, check the facilities and audition room to be sure everything is in order.  
9. Provide the judge with a master time schedule.  
10. See that the judge and student only are in the room at the time of the Audition.  
11. After the audition, see that all rating sheets and ribbons are given to the individual teachers. Under no circumstances should the rating sheet and ribbon be given to the student by anyone other than their own teacher, unless requested by the teacher.  
12. Return on the form provided, a report of the Auditions to the State PEP Chairman, and return all unused ribbons and certificates. Include any bills for printing.  
13. In case of illness or family crisis, a local teacher may be enlisted to hear the Audition at a later date. No reimbursement will be made for this.  
14. As a courtesy, local teachers usually provide the noon meal for the judges. If it is to be at a restaurant, make an advanced reservation and allow travel time to and from the restaurant in the schedule. Local teachers often prefer a potluck at one of the teacher's homes.  
C. Participating Teacher:  
1. Studies the Music Guide and determines the approximate number of students entering and the level for each student entering.  
a) This information should be given to the Local PEP Chairman so that he/she can notify the State PEP Chairman at least six weeks prior to the Auditions.  
b) A student may enter a level as many times as desired.  
c) Teachers are asked to refer to the PMTNM General Auditions (PEP) Music Guide available from the PEP Chairman, or the appropriate guide for other instrumentalists.  
2. PEP Application forms may be obtained each year from the local chairman or online at www.pmtnm.net  
6

PMTNM HANDBOOK SECTION IX: STUDENT ACTIVITIES  
04/2014

3. List on PEP Application for Auditions the total number of students entered in each level, and the fees for each level.  
4. Writes ONE check to PMTNM to cover the PEP Audition Fees for all his/her students entering.  
5. Sees that the application form and check are given to the Local Chairman in time to reach the State PEP Chairman at least two weeks before the Auditions.  
6. Adheres strictly to the Repertoire Rules listed earlier in this section.  
7. Fills in the rating sheet (distributed by the Local PEP Chairman) with the names of the pieces to be performed along with other requested information.  
8. Notifies each student of his/her Audition time and sees that he/she presents the rating sheet and music to the judge.  
9. Provides the Local PEP Chairman with a list of student names for the newspaper.  
10. After the Audition, gets all his/her students' rating sheets and ribbons from the Local PEP Chairman or the judge and distributes them along with the certificates to the individual students.  
11. The judge's/judges' decision is final and incontestable once the score sheets are given to the chairman.

♦PMTNM STUDENT HONORS AUDITIONS

The PMTNM Student Honors Program is a competitive audition at the district and state levels. The program was designed and implemented to encourage students to study, prepare and present recital caliber repertoire in a polished performance. Participants have the opportunity to perform before qualified judges who provide careful and constructive criticism. All participants have an incentive and forum for musical and personal development; outstanding student winners perform in recitals at the culmination of the state competitions. The repertoire, dates, and general rules are determined by the PMTNM Students Honors Committee. (Duties of the Student Honors Program Chairman are detailed in Section VII of this Handbook.)

❖ ENTRANT RESPONSIBILITIES

A. The teacher must have paid MTNA dues by the deadline set forth in Section IX, page 2 (of this handbook) for entering the National Performance Competitions, even though this is a State Audition.  
B. The entrant is responsible for all financial obligations at any level of the competition.  
C. District winners are obligated to advance to the state level of the auditions. Should an unforeseen circumstance prevent winner or alternate from advancing to the state level of the audition, they must immediately notify the state chairman.  
D. PMTNM/MTNA recommends that students below the age of 18 be accompanied by an adult at all levels of audition. PMTNM will exercise all reasonable caution to provide a safe environment for all entrants but cannot guarantee the safety of all entrants.

7

PMTNM HANDBOOK SECTION IX: STUDENT ACTIVITIES  
04/2014

❖ STATE WINNERS RESPONSIBILITIES  
A. State winners are required to perform at the PMTNM State Conference.  
B. Failure to appear in the scheduled Winners Recital will make the winner and the winner's teacher ineligible for any awards, honors, or recognition pertaining to the auditions.

❖ ELIGIBILITY  
A. The entrants must be studying with a teacher who is a member in good standing of PMTNM.  
B. Students may enter both the Honors Program and the Junior/Senior or Young Artist Competitions the same year, but on different instruments. Students may enter two categories in Honors on different instruments. No contestant will be allowed to enter on more than two instruments.

❖ FEES  
A. District Audition Fee: This amount is set by each district. This fee should consist of the District Fee for each student who enters the district audition plus a fee to cover local expenses for judging, facilities, etc.  
B. State Audition Fee: The State fee and the Student Registration fee as indicated in the Current Fee Schedule (Section III, Student Honors) is to be sent to the State Student Honors Chairman by October 8. This fee is only collected from District Winners.

❖ PERFORMANCE LEVELS FOR PIANO AND INSTRUMENTS  
• Level I: Students ages 9 and under on September 1.  
• Level II: Students ages 10 & 11 on September 1.  
• Level III: Students ages 12 & 13 on September 1.  
• Level IV: Students ages 14 & 15 on September 1.  
• Level V: Students ages 16 & 17 or High School Senior on September 1.  
• College: Students who are a high school graduate, but not have reached their 27th birthday by the time of the State Conference. The contestant need not be currently enrolled in a college or university.

❖ PERFORMANCE CATEGORIES  
A. Piano Performance  
B. Instrumental Performance  
C. Vocal Performance (see Section IX, page 9)

❖ REPERTOIRE & PERFORMANCE REQUIREMENTS  
A. General Guidelines:  
1. Music for all instruments must be of recital or concert caliber.  
2. Music to be performed must be memorized.  
3. The entrant will furnish a copy of the music for the judge. Reproductions of copyrighted music may be used the official release form has been signed.  
4. Teachers or students may not edit music by cutting certain sections out of the music for any instrument.

PMTNM HANDBOOK SECTION IX: STUDENT ACTIVITIES  
04/2014

5. District winners must play the same selection at the State Audition.

6. Time limits for the Auditions are:  
    * Level I & II: Up to 6 minutes  
    * Level III: Up to 8 minutes  
    * Level IV & V: Up to 10 minutes  
    * College Up to 12 minutes

7. Time limits are strictly enforced. Students who go over the time limit will be disqualified.

8. The State Honors Auditions are offered only to students of those teachers who are registered for the Conference.

B. Piano/Instrumental:  
    1. The PMTNM General Auditions (PEP) Music Guide in the Appendix of this Handbook should be used as a guide for repertoire in piano. Entrants should be playing level three material or higher to enter.  
    2. Piano repertoire is left to the discretion of the teacher. All compositions played must be in their entirety, no cuts or excerpts. For example: an entire sonatina/sonata movement or an entire set of variations. Transcriptions are allowed but simplified arrangements are not.  
    3. The U.I.L. music and All-State music should serve as a guide for other instruments.  
    4. When necessary non-keyboard students must furnish an accompanist (which may be their teacher) for all Auditions.

C. Voice:  
    1. Purpose of the Auditions  
        a) Encourage more diligent study in the preparation of appropriate vocal repertoire.  
        b) Create a competitive performance situation with conditions designed to provide the most complete and total consideration for the student.  
        c) Stimulate the desire and incentive for vocal and musical self-improvement.  
        d) Provide an opportunity to sing before qualified and impartial judges, and to receive careful and constructive criticism.  
        e) Provide opportunities for public appearance by outstanding students.  
        f) Honors Auditions furnish an unparalleled opportunity for musical growth and vocal understanding, as well as professional encouragement and recognition for both the student and the teacher. A teacher who enters students in the state auditions must also register for the conference.  
    2. Repertoire Requirements  
        a) Youth – under 19 years of age on September 1  
            * One English art song.*  
            * One art song of contrasting nature in any language.  
            * All songs may be sung in English. All songs must be art songs* – Broadway and popular music will not be accepted.  
            * Folk song arrangements such as those by Althouse & Albrecht are acceptable at Levels I & II - ages 9-12.  
            * It is recommended that operatic arias NOT be sung.

9

PMTNM HANDBOOK SECTION IX: STUDENT ACTIVITIES  
04/2014

Levels:  
Level I (ages 9 and 10 on September 1) (up to 6 minutes)  
Level II (ages 11 and 12 on September 1) (up to 6 minutes)  
Level III (ages 13 and 14 on September 1) (up to 8 minutes)  
Level IV (ages 15 and 16 on September 1) (up to 10 minutes)  
Level V (ages 17 or high school senior on Sept. 1) (up to 10 minutes)  
College - ages 19 through 25: 10-12 minutes:  
• One aria (opera or oratorio) sung in the original language.  
• One Italian, French, German, Spanish or Russian art song performed in the original language.  
• An American or British art song sung in English composed after 1950.

3. Conduct of the Auditions:  
a) The Honors Voice Auditions are primarily designed to give the student an opportunity to be judged. The motivating spirit is a mutual seeking and cooperative effort towards the highest in vocal artistry and technique.  
b) Teachers are permitted to accompany their own students. Students may also bring their own accompanists.  
c) The State conference Honors Voice Auditions are offered only to students of those teachers who are registered for the conference.

* MTNA accepts the following definition of Art Song: [The art song is] "... music for one voice and piano, occasionally with the addition of an obbligato instrument." Because of their nature, the early Italian songs such as those in 24 Italian Songs and Arias often are included in the art song category. Songs by Schubert, Schumann, Debussy, Faure, Ravel, Granados, de Falla, Barber, Duke, etc. are excellent examples of "art song". Basically, art song excludes works for voice and orchestra, as well as operatic and oratorio arias, and all Broadway and musical theater pieces, since these were composed originally for voice with orchestral accompaniment. Pop music also does not fall into the category of "art song".

❖ JUDGES (DISTRICT & STATE)  
A. The judges will use the PMTNM Honors Rating Sheets.  
B. The judges shall select a first, second and third place winner in each level of each category at both the District and State Auditions. Judges may not select any ties for a first place, but may tie a second or third place. In the event of a tie for second place, judges must designate one of the two as first alternate and the other as second alternate.  
C. The judges will reserve the right to declare "No Winner" (or "No Alternate" at the District Audition) if performance is not considered of sufficiently high quality for the age level.

❖ AUDITION PROCEDURES  
A. District Auditions:  
1. The District Vice President will schedule District Auditions in time to meet the October 8 deadline for the State Honors Chairman. The District Vice President will see that all entrants fulfill the requirements.

10

PMTNM HANDBOOK SECTION IX: STUDENT ACTIVITIES 04/2014

2. First place winners for each level of each category may enter the State Student Honors Audition.  
3. Second place winners may enter the State Audition if the first place winner cannot go due to transportation, school, illness, financial, or other reasons.  
4. Third place winners may enter the State Auditions if the first or second place winner cannot go.  
5. The State Honors Chairman will provide the Districts the appropriate application forms to be completed and returned by the set deadline. (Sample forms are found in the Section XIV.)

B. State Auditions:  
1. The State Student Honors Auditions will be held on Friday or Saturday during the PMTNM State Conference. If facilities allow, the Auditions may be open. Students must arrive at the appointed time for competition or be disqualified.  
2. Any teacher with a student entered in any Conference competition or student activity will be required to help with that competition or activity. In lieu of helping he/she may pay a $50 fee OR find a qualified adult substitute helper to be approved by the State Honors Chair.   
3. All entrants for the State Student Honors Audition must have been first place winners at the District Audition or the alternate if the first place winner cannot attend.  
4. State audition winners are required to perform at the PMTNM State Conference. Failure to appear in the Winners Recital during the conference will make the winner and the winner's teacher ineligible for any awards, honors, or recognition pertaining to the competition. The second place winner steps into first place and will be allowed to play on the State Student Winners Recital. (In the event of a second place tie, judges must have designated them as first and second alternate.)  
5. State Student Honors winners in each level of each category will be awarded a certificate and a medal or trophy.  
6. State Student Honors first place winners in Levels I through V receive an award from the Joyce Walker Foundation (as listed in Section III).  
7. College State Honors winners in each category receive a certificate and cash awards from the Joyce Walker Foundation (as listed in Section III)

PMTNM HANDBOOK SECTION XI ADVERTISING 04/2014

PMTNM ADVERTISING AND EXHIBIT POLICIES

❖ DISPLAY ADVERTISEMENTS

Rates and Contracts:  
A. Rates, contract form and other policies to be reviewed and approved by the Board of Directors at the spring meeting, annually.  
B. Rates shall be lower than normal commercial rates based on a survey of at least one (1) professional journal and one (1) in-state newspaper.  
C. See Advertising Rate Schedule in the Appendix of this Handbook for current fees.

Method of soliciting advertising:  
A. Ads to be solicited annually (during the summer) to run in two issues of Segue and/or Conference Program, or to exhibit. This is handled by Segue Editor and/or Advertising Manager.

District retains copy for each district participant. Send original to State Honor's Chair.

Professional Music Teachers of New Mexico, Inc.  
Affiliated with Music Teachers National Association

Place: 1st place winners advance to state.

STUDENT HONORS PROGRAM  
Application for Audition

Student's Name:

District:  
District Chair:

Teacher's Name:

Parent or Guardian's Name:

Student's Address:

City:  
Zip Code:

Phone:  
Email:

Performance Category (circle one): Piano Voice Strings Winds

Level:  
(I-V or College)

Instrument or Voice:  
Age on September 1 of current year:

1. Music for all entrants must be of recital or concert caliber.  
2. For pianists, all music must be original piano music with the exception of folk tune arrangements. Avoid all simplifications or arrangements of master works.  
3. See specific repertoire and age requirements for specific levels. (See Handbook Section IX, page 8-10, Repertoire & Performance Requirements)

Title of Composition(s):

Composer:  
Performance Time:

Entry Fee: $

(An additional fee for State Honors & Conference Registration will be collected from District Winners by the District Vice-President)

Professional Music Teachers of New Mexico, Inc.

**Acceptance of Conditions for Participation**

This agreement applies to all phases of the Honors auditions.

1. I have read and discussed the competition rules with my teacher(s). As an informed contestant I agree to respect and abide by the competition rules. Failure to do so will result in my disqualification.

2. Teachers, coaches, entrants, parents, and guardians may not interact in any way with adjudicators before or during the competition at any level.

3. The decisions of adjudicators are final and may not be challenged.

4. No action, legal or otherwise, with regard to the conduct or outcome of the competition may be initiated against any of the adjudicators, or Professional Music Teachers of New Mexico, Inc., or any of its officers, directors, representatives, or members.

5. I understand that winners at the state level are obligated to perform at the Winners Recital at the State Conference.

6. I am responsible to pay for applicable fees at the District and State levels, if I advance from District to State. I will comply with applicable deadlines for remittance of fees and forms.

7. PMTNM/MTNA recommends that students below the age of 18 be accompanied by an adult at all levels of competition. PMTNM will exercise all reasonable caution to provide a safe environment for all entrants but cannot guarantee the safety of all entrants.

The undersigned agree to the conditions set forth above, for participation in the 20__ Honors Audition, to be administered by the Professional Music Teachers of New Mexico, Inc.

Student Entrant's Signature: _______________ Date: _______________

Parent or Guardian's Signature: _______________ Date: _______________

My national and state dues were paid by the date published annually in the April/May issue of The American Music Teacher (General Guidelines for MTNA Student Competitions). I agree to all terms as stated above.

Date my dues were paid: _______________

Teacher's Signature: _______________ Date: _______________

Professional Music Teachers of New Mexico, Inc.  
Affiliated with Music Teachers National Association

Performance Evaluation Program

INDIVIDUAL TEACHER APPLICATION FOR PEP AUDITIONS

Audition City:  
Teacher Name:  
Address:  
Local Chair:  
Phone:

| Piano, Instrumental & Voice: | Number of Students Entered: | Fee Per Student: | Total Due: | Total Time Required: |  
|---|---|---|---|---|   
| Levels 1 – 4 |  | $20.00 |  |  |  
| Levels 5 – 8 |  | $20.00 |  |  |  
| Levels 9 – 12 |  | $20.00 |  |  |

A. Total Number of Students Entered:

B. Total Amount of fees Due and Enclosed:

C. Total Audition Time Required:

Each teacher must submit this application form to the Local Chair at least four weeks prior to the audition date. Submit ALL fees to the Local Chair at that time. Make all checks payable to Professional Music Teachers of New Mexico, Inc. (PMTNM).

Please DO NOT send individual teacher entries (this application) to the State Chair only to the Local Chairman with your check made out to PMTNM.

Individual Teachers should provide the Local Chair with an itemized list of students entered, level entered, time required, fees collected, and requests for specific playing times at least three (3) weeks prior to the audition date.

STATE CHAIR:  
Janna Warren  
2577 Avenida de Isidro  
Santa Fe, NM 87505  
Phone: 505-310-0753  
Email: jannadiv@yandex.ru

Professional Music Teachers of New Mexico, Inc.

PEP Auditions

Judge's Report and Expense Request

Audition Center:                                     Date:

Judge:                                         Address:

City:                                            Email:

Total Mileage:                             @ .375/mi. =

Hours of Judging:                           @$30.00 =

Motel (Actual cost/moderately priced motel):

Total:

Note: No provision has been made for any other expenses. Meals are at the judge's own expense. Local teachers sometimes provide the noon meal and/or overnight housing in homes, but this is not required.

The following report is to be submitted by the judge to the State PEP Chairperson. The totals will help in determining the number of certificates and ribbons needed for the coming year. Please keep a running tally of ratings given as you hear the students. Your assistance in this matter is greatly appreciated.

Total number of students entered:

Total number of Superior

Total number of Excellent

Total number of Good

Total number of Needs Improvement

Please make any suggestions you wish for the State PEP Chairperson regarding the overall conduct of the PEP Auditions.

Professional Music Teachers of New Mexico, Inc.  
PEP Auditions

Judge's Report to Local Teachers

| Question | Yes | No | Sometimes |  
|---|---|---|---|---|   
| Were the students entered at the proper level? | | | |  
| Were all selections performed by memory? | | | |  
| Did the students provide a copy of each piece for the judge with measures numbered? | | | |  
| Beginning with level 4, was music from at least 3 styles or periods prepared? | | | |  
| Was there sufficient time to hear all pieces entered for each student? | | | |  
| Was original music prepared with the exception of folk tune arrangements? | | | |  
| Were the auditions kept on schedule, with adequate break time for the judges? | | | |  
| Did the teachers show knowledge of the guidelines? | | | |  
| What other suggestion would you make to the local teachers for improvement of their auditions? | | | |

PMTNM HANDBOOK SECTION XIII: TEACHER OF THE YEAR AWARD 04/2014

♦ PURPOSE OF THE AWARD  
The Professional Music Teachers of New Mexico believes it is important to recognize and award individuals who have made significant contributions to the field of music teaching in the private and/or public sectors of New Mexico.

♦ CRITERIA/GUIDELINES FOR NOMINATING AND ELECTING CANDIDATES  
A. Nomination consists of a resume of the individual's achievements and status as a musician and music teacher in New Mexico.  
B. Candidates must:  
1. Be a current member of PMTNM and MTNA and a legal resident of New Mexico.  
2. Be supportive of the philosophy and objectives of PMTNM and MTNA.  
3. Demonstrate outstanding professional relationship with students, fellow music teachers, and public school officials and community leaders who support music and music teaching.  
4. Demonstrate a consistent record of high standards of teaching and promoting music teaching in New Mexico.

♦ THE RESUME MUST INCLUDE  
A. Number of years of music teaching, educational background, and community service.  
B. Evidence of quality teaching, reflected by student and organizational awards.  
C. Identified service to PMTNM through active participation at the local, district, state, division, and/or national levels.  
D. List of honors and/or awards received, with dates.

♦ PROCEDURE FOR NOMINATING AND ELECTING "TEACHER OF THE YEAR"  
A. At the spring board meeting nominations from board members or the membership at large will be considered for the award.  
B. Upon reviewing the written nomination, the board members will evaluate each candidate's achievements.  
C. All nominations presented will be discussed by the board. A call for the vote will be made by secret ballot with each board member listing their two top choices from the list of nominees.

♦ ANNOUNCING THE AWARD  
A. The Board's decision will be announced by the President with formal written notification sent to the winner and announcement made in the Conference (fall) issue of Segue.  
B. The award will consist of the following:  
1. A plaque engraved with the name of the award, year, and name of the recipient.  
2. Public recognition made by presentation of the award to the recipient during annual PMTNM Conference.

1

PMTNM HANDBOOK SECTION XIII: TEACHER OF THE YEAR AWARD 04/2014

PMTNM TEACHER OF THE YEAR NOMINATION FORM

Send to: Jeanne Grealish, NCTM  
1226 Morningside NE  
Albuquerque, NM 87110  
505-265-9333  
Fax: 505-254-2254

Name of Nominee:

Address:

City: State: Zip:

Telephone: Email:

Date & Place of Birth (optional):

Family Information:

Education (including High School & College activities & honors):

Teaching experience (location & dates):

Specific activities and experience relating to teaching music and dates:

Committee/Board experience of PMTNM or other teaching organizations:

2 (continued)

PMTNM HANDBOOK SECTION XIII: TEACHER OF THE YEAR AWARD 04/2014

Membership in professional organizations & activities (including recital & performance-related activities):

Community activities & services:

Other (including publication/compositions):

Submitted by:  
Address:  
City: State: Zip:  
Telephone: Email:  
Signature: Date:

3  
(04/2014)

Professional Music Teachers of New Mexico, Inc.  
Affiliated with Music Teachers National Association

2014-2015 Advertising  
Rate Information

PMTNM PAPER & ON-LINE NEWS LETTER: Published in August and February  
(same ad copy posted to our web site at no additional charge). Please send ad copy  
via e-mail by July 30, 2014 to: ronaldgrinage@hotmail.com  
Rates: Full page 8" W X 10" H $175.00  
Half page 8" W X 5" H $150.00  
Fourth page 4" W X 5" H $100.00

CONFERENCE PROGRAM: The official schedule of activities published in November  
for our state conference and given to all attendees. Send Conference Program only  
ad copy via e-mail by SEPTEMBER 15, 2014 to: ronaldgrinage@hotmail.com  
Rates: Full page 5" W X 8" H $100.00  
Half page 5" W X 4" H $ 60.00  
Business Card 3.5" W X 2" H $ 40.00

EXHIBIT TABLE AT STATE CONFERENCE: Adequate space provided in a convenient  
area and participants are encouraged to visit the exhibits. Please fill out and return  
exhibitor contract. Rate: Sales Exhibit: $50 for 1st table  
$30 each additional table

MAILING LABELS: Complete membership, pressure sensitive, zip sorted: $35 per set

Best Deals

PACKAGE A: PMTNM WEB NEWS - full page (2 issues + Web) $175.00  
Conference Program - full page $100.00  
Sales Exhibit - per table $50.00  
Sub-total $325.00  
Discount -$100.00  
TOTAL $225.00

PACKAGE B: PMTNM NEWS - half page (2 issues + Web) $150.00  
Conference Program - half page $60.00  
Sales Exhibit - per table $50.00  
Sub-total $260.00  
Discount -$75.00  
TOTAL $185.00

PACKAGE C: PMTNM NEWS - fourth page (2 issues + Web) $100.00  
Conference Program - fourth page $40.00  
Sales Exhibit - per table $50.00  
Sub-total $190.00  
Discount -$50.00  
TOTAL $140.00