Hi Jeanne, maybe you weren't aware that the handbook hasn't been online for (two years)? more? In any case please see highlighted updates below (I put it in big font I can't figure out how to highlight). Here also is a screenshot of the last mention of the handbook.
It's a good thing we're getting this cleaned up. Thank you for your help! Please do email me a copy.
Chip

Screenshot 2024-12-12 at 8.32.10 AM.png
---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: slkunitz@aol.com <slkunitz@aol.com>
Date: Sat, Dec 14, 2024 at 9:20 AM
Subject: Fw: PMTNM 2025
To: III Willis Glen Miller <wgmilleriii@gmail.com>


Chip,

Had this detailed response re your inquiry.  He said he sent this to you and me Nov 25, but I have not found it.  This should help you in your webmaster duties!!

Have a busy remainder of the year and then will get to this administration's business!!  Have a pleasant and holly, jolly holiday!

Sharon Kunitz 

----- Forwarded Message -----
From: Lawrence Blind <lblind@nmschoolofmusic.com>
To: slkunitz@aol.com <slkunitz@aol.com>
Sent: Friday, December 13, 2024 at 11:48:06 AM MST
Subject: RE: PMTNM 2025

Hello Sharon:

 

If you sent out a mass email to all members recently I did not receive it.  If you’ve been emailing individuals in eastern NM I can’t say why they would not be replying.

 

I would like to be removed from the PMTNM bank accounts, and I’m pretty sure Cheryl Pachak Brooks would prefer the same.  If you can get Jeanne to figure out what we need to do I would appreciate it, and, as you know, she should NOT be the only person left on those accounts.

 

As for Chip…I replied to his email sent to me on November 25 concerning the website (see below).  You were copied on the email.  I am still receiving inquiries (all junk mail so far) via the website, so apparently he has not changed that setting.

 

Best regards,

Larry

 

Hello Chip and Sharon:

 

I highly recommend that one of the first things you do is to add at least one other user, such as Sharon and/or another board member, to all of the sites below, or at least share the login information and any changes that are made in the future.  That way there will always be more than one person who will have the login information.  This was a major problem with the old website.

 

The domain name, pmtnm.org, is registered through Go Daddy.  This expires on 6-20-25 and I have canceled auto renewal because it was using my personal credit card.  This past year the renewal amount was $23.17.  A new payment method will have to be entered before 6-20-25.  I was able to change the account name to Chip Miller, and added your address, however I could not update the email address or phone number on file as it will require you being logged in when this is done.  This will likely take some coordination as when I logged in it had to verify that it was me by sending a code to my cell number.  Currently my username is ltblind and the password is dh47*3FesbB#308.

 

The website is hosted by Hostinger (Hostinger.com).  The current paid subscription does not expire until 9-20-27.  A four-year term was initially selected because the pricing was very inexpensive, $172.37.  When it comes time to renew the plan there will be various pricing choices based on the number of years.  I have deleted my credit card information, which was used to pay the initial subscription (reimbursed by Jeanne).  I also changed the account information to “Chip Miller” with your address and email (you should receive a confirmation to change the email address.  The password to log in is:  3Ndf*Rs#cgN290 which is strong, but which you can change once you have logged in.

 

WordPress is the actual “system” used to edit the website.  The address to log in and make changes is:  www.pmtnm.org/wp-admin.  I have updated the password this evening to “PMTNM*Music*2025” …this can be changed in the User settings if you wish.  I also changed the email address (username) to wgmilleriii@gmail.com and you should receive an email to confirm this address.

 

The place you will want to start is the Pages heading on the left side.  From there you will be able to see the list of all of the website pages.  When making changes to a page I always selected “Edit with Elementor.”  This is an add-on editing program that “runs” in conjunction with WordPress and makes editing pages easier.  Some people, who are well versed in WordPress may choose to make edits directly within WordPress.

 

The Teacher Directory page, in particular, is very difficult to edit.  You have to select the Content heading, and then scroll all the way to the bottom to add spaces for content.  You need a separate entry line for each of the headings – Name, Email, Phone Number, and Teaching Areas.  The Name is entered as a Row to create a new row, the other elements are entered as Columns.  Once this information is entered each individual entry line has to be dragged in the master list to the correct alphabetical space – a very tedious process and easy to make mistakes.  One misplaced item will “push” all other entries out of place so check your work carefully.

 

The Teacher Directory has not been updated since some members dropped out this year, and other members joined.

 

The other item that was never added to the website is the Handbook – primarily because the existing complete Handbook is horribly out of date.  Sharon can provide more information about what happened the last time updates were made, but not saved ad therefore lost.  The Student Activities section of the Handbook is online as it has undergone edits as needed through the years.

 

At the top of each page you will see a symbol for viewing the page on a computer, a tablet, and a phone.  The website is currently only optimized for viewing on a computer.  I did not have the time to figure out all of the changes that would be necessary to make it equally accessible on a tablet and phone.

 

One more important item…the website was set to back up daily to my personal google storage.  This is done through a plugin entitled UpdraftPlus – Backup/Restore.  I have deactivated this plugin.  Backing up the site is very important – both in case a change is made that you want to undo, and in case something goes wrong with the website after plugin updates.  Please change the location for backups to be stored before reactivating UpdraftPlus.

 

WordPress and Elementor certainly had a pretty steep learning curve, but I was able to figure everything out by searching for answers on google, and using the built-in help menus.

 

Good luck with all of this – it requires time and knowledge, and, while I got everything up and running, I could not manage it on a regular basis as it should be.

 

Larry

 

From: slkunitz@aol.com <slkunitz@aol.com>
Sent: Friday, December 13, 2024 9:23 AM
To: Lawrence Blind <lblind@nmschoolofmusic.com>
Subject: PMTNM 2025

 

Larry,

 

No one seems to be checking or responding to emails as my Dec 9 re approval for Eastern NM Local association has not had one response!!!  Will get into online membership and organization activities in January.  Chip has the job as webmaster... he is anxious to get involved and that is a good job.  

 

Could you send him the particulars of ownership of site, etc??  whatever he needs?

 

Have a safe and beautiful month of family and holidays!

 

Sharon


On Thu, Jan 9, 2025 at 9:01 PM Jeanne Grealish <figaro1226@gmail.com> wrote:
The handbook has always been available to every member … years ago as a hard copy; since then, on line at the website.
J
Sent from my iPhone

On Jan 9, 2025, at 20:58, Jeanne Grealish <figaro1226@gmail.com> wrote:

﻿Handbook is on line. 

Why has Larry’s beautiful website been changed? Where are the photos? 
J

Sent from my iPhone

On Jan 9, 2025, at 20:03, Willis Glen Miller, III <wgmilleriii@gmail.com> wrote:

﻿
Hi Jeanne, do you have a copy of the handbook? It would be great if everybody had access to it! So sad that it has been unavailable for years! Would you send me a copy? I'll add it to the website. I know that would help a lot. It would be great if all had a copy rather than email going out referencing something that only a few people have had access to. How confusing! Also, what is this misinformed contact you to referenced? Please clarify.   Thanks, Chip

On Thu, Jan 9, 2025 at 5:07 PM Jeanne Grealish <figaro1226@gmail.com> wrote:
Chip, below in red I’ve tried to address your concerns. If I’ve missed anything, please let me know.  

And, here are a few thoughts to be considered … or not:

	According to the official job descriptions found in the PMTNM Bylaws and Handbook we each have our own tasks to perform. When we adhere to these things run smoothly. When there is too much overlapping or unintentional  assumption of tasks it can become annoying and lead to much confusion and/or false information. End result: annoyed folks become reluctant to assume chairmanships or other positions in the organization, a result PMTNM cannot afford. Irrelevant emails or calls simply never help.

     Similarly, the national MTNA office staff has plenty to do without misinformed contact or non-relevant local concerns expressed by individuals; MTNA deals with concerns at a national level. It's a small staff handling national governance via administrative staff and national Board; the Summit for state presidents; national financial and membership records; all publications; and every detail of the national conference: planning, preparation, registrations, competitions, etc. 

     Since  you are new to PMTNM perhaps you are not aware of the above facts. We all appreciate your enthusiasm and desire to help improve the organization. Serving in any office is usually a “learn as you go” process; certainly holding my office has been so over the years and continues to be… 🙂

All best,
Jeanne


On Jan 8, 2025, at 11:24 AM, Willis Glen Miller, III <wgmilleriii@gmail.com> wrote:

Thank you, Jeanne. Where is it? The current membership list is kept by the Sec.-Treas. and shared with anyone who needs it for a legitimate reason; it is for internal use.

Or are you simply verifying that the attachment is accurate as of today?Your attachment is terribly out of date.  Our membership list is current and in sync with MTNA's as of December 31, 2024.

Do you have an email from MTNA with the current membership or are you confirming that the MTNA does not distribute this information to state leadership?Monthly updates are sent onlyto me and the President.

 Is MTNA aware of our current leadership? YES!!

Please clarify and provide more information. Thank you, Jeanne!

On Tue, Jan 7, 2025 at 11:11 PM Jeanne Grealish <figaro1226@gmail.com> wrote:
The membership list is up to date and is kept so. 
J

Sent from my iPhone

On Jan 7, 2025, at 14:16, Willis Glen Miller, III <wgmilleriii@gmail.com> wrote:

﻿
Hi Sharon, 
Here is data from the old site. I also shared a good sheet with you , https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1NEz0q2wEy-3DIOU0S6uvOAuP_swEZnx-JM7Eabnibts/edit?usp=sharing . Would it be useful for us to be able to share documents like this in Google Drive ? 

I think the need to reach out to national to get the updated list though. This is a start but it has not been updated for a long time as I understand. Jeanne can you do that?

On Mon, Jan 6, 2025 at 10:33 AM slkunitz@aol.com <slkunitz@aol.com> wrote:
Chip,

Do you have the listing for a mass mailing to the membership?  I want to send them a New Year's greeting and plans for the year.