

On Thu, Jan 23, 2025 at 2:35 PM Willis Glen Miller, III <wgmilleriii@gmail.com> wrote:
hi Sharon, I don’t understand you asked me to send out this survey to the whole membership? The survey it collects data and yes it is data for the committee to help you all plan. This is the same survey I sent you earlier.  We don't get data until then survey is sent out? 

You said :
I looked at your survey for conference and that is a great plan.  Could you send it out to the membership? 


On Thu, Jan 23, 2025 at 2:29 PM slkunitz@aol.com <slkunitz@aol.com> wrote:
Chip,

Although we had discussed and viewed the survey, there was no discussion of sending it out for beta, etc.  I do not like all the Google forms... We are not technies but musicians.  When the data is available, a committee and I will consider plans for the fall conference.

Sharon

On Thursday, January 23, 2025 at 02:12:54 PM MST, Willis Glen Miller, III <wgmilleriii@gmail.com> wrote:


Hi Sharon this is the same one but a soft release, in stages to not the whole membership at once only for the purpose of technician accessibility. A soft release is to make sure that a group set can at least enter in data without trouble before distributing to the membership completely. (Everybody here knows me and I think represents a range of people albeit Albuquerque heavy)  Since last Friday I have not changed anything on the survey. If nobody has trouble we can release to another group for beta and then to everybody on the email list we have. Please let me know if that aligns . Thank you, Chip

On Fri, Jan 17, 2025 at 11:46 AM slkunitz@aol.com<slkunitz@aol.com> wrote:
Hi, Chip,

After a busy week of visiting tile stores, designing remodeling projects, I can focus on PMTNM again.

I looked at your survey for conference and that is a great plan.  Could you send it out to the membership?  I don't have a complete list of emails but need one.  If you have the list, could you forward to me, please?  The pmtnm.org website as I see does need review and help, I think...  will get to that next week

Next, I will look at the list for chairs and begin contacting members for those positions.  There does not appear to have been many chairs appointed the past terms and I need to assess what we need.

Let me know your thoughts!

Sharon


On Thu, Jan 23, 2025 at 1:39 PM slkunitz@aol.com <slkunitz@aol.com> wrote:
What is the source of this?  Have I missed something.  Sharon

On Thursday, January 23, 2025 at 11:51:13 AM MST, Willis Glen Miller, III (via Google Forms) <wgmilleriii@gmail.com> wrote:


Willis Glen Miller, III shared a form
Header profile photo
Willis Glen Miller, III (wgmilleriii@gmail.com) has invited you to edit the following form:
Here is the survey. Please let me know if you have any trouble filling it out. Would you please let me know if there are misspellings or any formatting or other problems? This is a soft launch to make sure everything works
and we will delete test information before proceeding. Thank you! Chip. please do not make changes to questions without discussion but please suggest anything for this or future data gathering.
PMTNM 2025 Conference Planning Survey I
	This email grants access to this item without logging in. Only forward it to people you trust.
Open
If you don't want to receive files from this person, block the sender from Drive
Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA
You have received this email because wgmilleriii@gmail.com shared a file or folder located in Google Drive with you.	Google
